--- Document 1 ---
One stop solution for shipping and overseas transport handling
Every large company in the world uses shipping and freight services to move its product around the world. The process overseas transport is hectic and requires special attention by the user. Even individuals use shipping services to send their packages around different destinations. The complexity of the shipping service combined with the expertise required to carry out this task make it more difficult and hectic to carry out. First time users of this service might get confused or jumbled up by the whole process and this might de motivate them from using the service. Our company provides shipping and freight services to its client and performs its job with expertise and commitment. The company provides a simple solution to the predicament of consumers regarding their shipping or overseas transport needs- eliminating the need of searching and contact different companies to find out about their price system. With the provision of efficient and quick quote system, clients can now get an idea about the price and charges of specific delivery options.
In many transport companies in the world, a great emphasis is placed on the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system because it is an essential part in the operation of shipping and freight services. This is assured by our website that the client stays in touch with the transport or shipping company which will be providing its overseas transport services to the consumers. The main feature of the company is its quote system that works on the principle of efficiency and speed. With the help of quick quote system, clients can attain highly competitive and reasonable freight and shipping rates for their needs!
Nobody can deny the importance of shipping and freight services in the world. Every individual and every company needs it. With the expansion of trade borders in the world, delivery and shipping services have become extremely important. We provide both international and domestic shipping of products and service of freight handling for its clients. Quotes can be viewed daily with the option of operating on 24-hour basis. The booking service is excellent & reliable and the credit terms are quite flexible. The company also presents the option of comparing different overseas transport service charges and prices.
For the betterment of our customers, we have posted different videos on our website that assists the users in the whole shipping and freight procedures. For users who are using the overseas transport service for the first time, our booking tutorial will provide you help in the preliminary procedure of booking. The video of how to pack will guide you in the process of how to package your products. Benefits of using this service are also explained by another video present on the webpage.
The company does not operate alone in the market. It works with many famous shipping companies of the world which include DHL, FEDEX, UPS, TNT, AAE and Australia post to name a few. This helps in establishing a reliable network of overseas transport services and freight handling services. With the help of quick quote system, clients can get updated price information about different carrier companies and this helps them in the selection of a particular company depending upon their service rates.
Are you fed up with tiresome processes of obtaining shipping information from different sites? Then webiste is the best solution for you and it provides overseas transport services in easy to follow steps:
- Prepare your required goods for delivery and make a detail list about the physical dimensions like weight and length of the product
- Fill the required information in the request for quote form
- After the delivery of quote select your preferred carrier company, delivery time and charge or price
- Complete the form of collection and delivery details
- Select your payment options and pay for the service
We feel proud in serving its customers with best and top quality overseas transport services currently available in the market. The company is not just limited to providing its services to a specific geographic area. We offer services both internationally and domestically in Australia. We are committed to provide the best quality service to our consumers and make sure that they are satisfied by our services. You will find a wide variety of overseas transport services that include:
- International and Domestic shipping and freight services
- Online tracking option of shipping
- Hiring of containers
- Flexible credit terms
- Highly competitive and reasonable rates available on the internet
- Option for online auction of freight or cargo
- Worldwide delivery of goods
- Nationwide delivery of goods in Australia
With the combination of these services, clients can get maximum benefit from shipping and freight related needs. You will find overseas transport with its highly efficient quick quote system provides updated and current charges and rates according to the market situation.
Even though we are new there is no small or large task for us as we cater to every individual needs that are related to the shipping and overseas transport services. You name it and we perform it!

Source URL: http://overseastransport.com.au/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 2 ---
Garry Weaven, the head of leading investment group Industry Funds Management, has criticised the broader investment community for their “herd mentality” in continuing to support fossil fuel technologies, which he described as a bet that “vested interests” would win out over political and social leadership on the issue of climate change.
“Fund managers have been slow to invest in a low carbon future,” he said in a briefing on Friday. He said investment continues unabated in coal and fossil fuels, a bet which relies on vested interests prevailing over public policy, and the lack of a meaningful price on carbon needed to avoid runaway global warming impacts.
The comments came in a briefing hosted by the Australian Science Media Centre in the lead-up to the international climate change talks that resume in Doha next week. It follows a week when numerous international reports – from the International Energy Agency, the World Meteorological Organisation, the World Bank, the UN and PwC highlighted how dangerously close the world was to missing its climate change goals and locking itself into potentially devastating climate impacts.
Weaven was particularly critical of the “herd” mentality of the investment community, and their focus on short term benchmarks. “They are driven not by fundamental research into risk and reward, but by the risk that they might lose business on short term underperformance,” he said. “There is a huge degree of herding around a common benchmark. “
But, if – through changes in policy and a move to low carbon world the axis on which they are measured can be shifted – then they will quickly move to herd around that. “We have got $1.5 trillion (in the Australian funds management industry), and if that was effectively mobilized it could rapidly change the face of the energy industry in Australia.”
Weaven said the difficulty in dealing with the political power of vested interested had been highlighted in the current debate around the Renewable Energy Target. (IFM owns Pacific Hydro, the largest independent investor in renewables in the country).
“We have an acute problem in the clean energy debate with the political power of vested interests,” he said, noting that Australia – despite its low debt levels, and low unemployment, had found it hard to invest in renewables. He said that the 20 per cent target – or the fixed target of 41,000GWh that is currently being attacked by generators and utilities – was a “very modest” target, but it was struggling to hold on to even that.
“It is an inadequate response from high carbon country, but it is a significant change from where we are at the moment.” Yet, he said, two of the biggest utilities in the country – Origin Energy and EnergyAustralia – were behaving as though preparing for a future dominated by vested interests.
Weaven also highlighted the prospect of the “carbon bubble”, where investors find themselves stranded by investing in fossil fuels which can not be extracted if the world is to meet its climate change targets.
Ian Dunlop, a director of research group Australia21 and a former head of the Australian Coal Association, said that the emissions profile was hitting the worst case scenario. “In 20 years, we have done nothing to limit those emissions, despite the rhetoric going on and efforts through the UN and otherwise. The official target is far too high. We are going to have to set our sights at far more stringent approach.
He reiterated the International Energy Agency’s conclusion that if the world was to meet a 2C target, then it could only burn around one third of the existing proven reserves of oil, coal and gas. – and you look at proven fossil fuel reserves in world. We can only burn around one third of current existing proven reserves.
“We are going to have to be put on a low carbon footing extremely rapidly,” he said. And he repeated his warnings about the impacts of “peak oil”, saying that the current rush to shale gas, and to shale oil, was unsustainable – both in production and environmental terms.
David Karoly, professor of Climate Science at The University of Melbourne’s School of Earth Sciences, said the latest science suggested that the world had to cap cumulative emissions from 2000 to 2050 at about 1,000 gigatonnes (one million tonnes of CO2e). It was already well over 500GT and was on target for 2,500GT on its current trajectory.
In another measure, the world needed to keep emissions at below 450 parts per million, but it was already above 470ppm and on its way to 900ppm.
He provided this graph (above) to highlight where the world was headed with emissions with no climate policy, and where the world needed to be to meet the science. “This requires rapid and large emission reductions now and net negative emissions by around 2070,” he said.

Source URL: http://reneweconomy.com.au/2012/ticking-time-bomb-for-climate-and-investors-44892
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 3 ---
APRIL DVD WINNER
30 Apr 2008
The April winner has been drawn for our monthly $100 DVD giveaway. Clair from Queensland was the lucky winner and has chosen a fine selection of anime and a Shaw Brothers classic.
ENEMIES OF REASON ON ABC1
30 Apr 2008
Enemies of Reason, the follow-up to the controversial hit series The Root of All Evil? is to screen on ABC1 starting this Sunday. In the series best-selling author and world renowned sceptic Professor Richard Dawkins focuses his attention away from religion and onto the false spiritualities and new age mysticism.
COMING SOON: THE TRACEY FRAGMENTS
29 Apr 2008
Siren Visual is ecstatic to announce the forthcoming release of Bruce McDonald's powerful film The Tracey Fragments. Starring the remarkable Ellen Page in the title role of Tracey the film is an experiment in modern filmmaking.
PHOTOS FROM SUPANOVA
28 Apr 2008
A few weeks ago Siren partook in the Supanova Pop Culture Expos in Melbourne and Brisbane. Both weekends were great, with a stellar line-up of stars in attendance and an awesome turnout of anime, sci-fi and film films. Photos after the break.
JODOROWSKY AT THE IMA
23 Apr 2008
Brisbane's Institute of Modern Art is presenting a series of screenings of Alejandro Jodorowsky's masterpieces El Topo and The Holy Mountain. The screenings are happening as part of their annual IMA@DENDY showcase.
In Your Shopping Cart
- There are no items in your shopping cart

Source URL: http://sirenvisual.com.au/News/200804.php
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 4 ---
Guidelines for commenting
Although we say these are guidelines, they are, in fact, more like rules. Please adhere to them, or your comments will not be posted. We encourage discussion and robust criticism, however:
- We will not tolerate personal attacks on the blogger, or on the editors of Southerly.
- We will not tolerate personal attacks on other people who have commented.
- Comments must discuss the blog post, and the blog post only.
- You must not link to sites of a sexual or illegal nature.
- You must not use our blog for advertisement or promotion. Links to the commenters blog site is allowed, but only as identification, not as promotion or advertisement.
- You must not discuss illegal activity on the blog.
- Comments must make sense by being in sentences complete with punctuation, to reflect the literary nature of the blog.
So, with these necessary guidelines in mind, please comment! These are the types of comments we’re looking for:
- Have you had a similar experience to the blogger, with the text they’re writing about, or with another text?
- Do you have a contribution to the discussion of the text? More information from your own research, or another site with a similar theme?
- Do you have a question for the blogger about their post?
- Has the blogger asked you, the reader, a question that you’d like to reply to?
- Does the post remind you of something else – another text, author, literary event or literary blog – that you’d like to tell us about?
- How does the post relate to your local literary community? Or if you’re a reader from outside Australia, how does it relate to your national literary culture?
- Have you read something in the Long Paddock, or in our hardcopy issue, that relates to the blog post?

Source URL: http://southerlyjournal.com.au/2011/08/24/guidelines-for-commenting/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 5 ---
Combined shipping is available when one payment is made for multiple items. When you are finished shopping, please request a combined shipping invoice and we will send one to you. Thank you for your business.
1 mold $2.75
2 molds $3.00
3-4 molds $5.95 via Priority Mail
5+ Molds based on your zip code.
Please email us for a quote.
All Other Countries
Email us for a quote as it varies by location.

Source URL: http://stores.ebay.com.au/A-Treasure-Box-and-Chocolate-Molds/_i.html?_fsub=18
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 6 ---
i-Wood My First Laptop
If your child looks to pursue a career in our multimedia-based world, you should introduce him or her to state-of-the-art technology as early as possible.
i-Wood is an old school take on modern technology, with a smart, minimal look - a blank canvas that encourages imagination. What's more, it can be wiped clean for endless fun on the go. Perfect for the apple of your eye!
Wooden fold-up 'laptop' with chalkboard screen & keyboard, chalk included.
Dimensions: 24cm x 35cm x 2.5cm
Not suitable for children under 3 years.
Please note: irregularities and colour discrepancy within the wood may occur naturally.

Source URL: http://until.com.au/catalogue/by-brand/donkey-products/i-wood-my-first-laptop.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 7 ---
Sometimes I stumble upon strange designs which reveal some relations to wildlife...
Looking at that chair I was uncomfortably reminded of a bug or perhaps a chair of medieval torture quality...
I hope you are all sitting comfortably!
Images as indicated and last one via google image.
Saturday, April 30, 2011
Friday, April 29, 2011
Wishing them both the greatest of happiness from this day on forward!
Here is to HRH Prince William and Princess Catherine!
May there be many blessings!
Thursday, April 28, 2011
Alas, we still wait for the outdoor lights to be installed and on Monday we will be getting the new soil and grass seeded for our lawn, which has suffered to the point of no repair from cement mixing and stone cutting.
A thin layer of fine stone dust has settled all over in the house. We have gotten a new walkway and it is almost done. It sounds like it has been going on forever, but the weather has delayed so much including today, where we were hoping to be finished!
And since there was a lot of dirt in the house I decided to surprise my husband by refreshing his office, which is housed in the actual sun room. It has a fire place and lots of windows, wood paneling and is a typical small afterthought build in the 50's!By that I mean it has virtually no insulation, which makes it super hot in the summer and cold in the winter...Yes, there is heat, but barely! But my husband has an indestructible constitution and holds up day in day out!
I started with a clean out and prepping. Covered all his papers, which I am not allowed to touch and began merrily with the ceiling. To my utter surprise one coat of ceiling white covered the dirtiest corners at once.
The fireplace surround has been the typical brick used in so many of the houses of that era. It had to go. Two layers of Behr's semi gloss primer and paint in one did the job perfectly!
I painted it white, like all the trim and wooden shelves and it looked suddenly wonderful...
Then on to the walls, they've gotten a neutral Sandy Beach by Behr and then I managed the trim and shelves. 24 hours later I was done, exhausted, but happy with the results.
|I couldn't resist a little girly touch...|
Now all that's left to do is fill in the shelves with all that stuff....
When hubby returned yesterday from his business trip he was all in awe and did not wanted to leave his office, because he loves it so!
That is something, right?
All images by V.Zlotkowski
Monday, April 25, 2011
The Botanical Garden holds magical powers over us! When the first sun comes out we are thinking of visiting this lovely place! Armed with my camera I delight in the artistry of the designs, the colors, scents and the atmosphere!
|Orchid Show 2011|
|These pictures were taken by my son.|
There is something youthful and strong, yet innocent to these first emerging buds.
An abundance I enjoy watching.
The colors are so beautiful and every time I leave from there I am so inspired for my own little outdoor space.
The air was richly perfumed with spring scents, moist soil and the fresh green grass made people playful and we enjoyed the magical blossoms.
I took so many pictures, as always, it is hard to select the ones I like best to show you.
So there are a few more!
Have a great week ahead!
We are back to finally finishing our major outdoor project at home. It's looking good so far! Soon more about it!
PS: I want to encourage you to check out my other blog part: House and Living! There you'll find inspiration for books, movies and more.
All pictures by V. and T. Zlotkowski and subject to copyright. Please ask permission before use.
Saturday, April 23, 2011
What a wonderful time Easter represents. At the beginning of spring it brings hope and renewal. We love the tradition of the Easter bunny and the seeking of filled eggs in the garden. When the children were little we had utmost fun letting them out after the morning dew had dried up and seek for chocolate eggs and small gift hidden in bushes, covered with the first green. And we still do it to this year!
We are delighting in the festive feel of this Sunday.
New energies are flowing and especially this year begins for us literally with new steps ahead. (See below)
Hope, peace and renewal to you all!
PS: I had to restrain myself from showing you the progress we have been making on our walk way. It is all laid out, the steps are in and only the bad weather of this weekend has stopped the workers from getting it all done. So we have to wait until Monday or Tuesday to get the finishing touches in place!
Unfortunately they send us the wrong mailbox, so that has to wait as well...
And then I will show you the results!
All images by V.Zlotkowski

Source URL: http://victoriainteriors.blogspot.com.au/2011_04_01_archive.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 8 ---
Every great performer, whether it is an athlete, or an entrepreneur, is surrounded by coaches and advisers.
As the pace of the business world increases through various political, economic, socio-cultural and technological factors, it can be difficult for Business Owners to keep abreast of these changes. Not to mention the time needed to study the latest innovations in sales, marketing and management strategies. Having a business coach is no longer a luxury ... it has become a necessity. Our ActionCOACH Business Coaches will focus on proprietary sales, marketing, and business management systems to show you how you can increase your gains significantly over time. Additionally, they will train you how to develop your business so you as the owner can work less, relax more, and finally enjoy business ownership.
Our goal in business is quite simple ... to help you reach your goals.
Are you a passionate and experienced Business Executive looking for the next step in your career? Or a successful Business Owner, who is interested in mentoring and coaching other Business Owners, helping them to prosper in business despite toughened market conditions?
At ActionCOACH, our Business Coaching training courses are designed to educate you on creating a healthy business model, as well as providing you with the tools to analyse, correct and improve upon all types of existing business models, from Sole Trader structures and SME's to Large International Corporations. By studying with ActionCOACH, you will qualify as a Business Coach, gaining the knowledge and skills not only to assist others as a Business and Executive Coach, but with the tools and resources to establish your own ActionCOACH Business Coaching Franchise.
Start the process of becoming an ActionCOACH Business Coach today, and guide other Business Owners and Executives towards achieving their dreams.

Source URL: http://www.actioncoach.com.au/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 9 ---
Hot Saturday sparks fresh Vic fires
- From: AAP
- February 10, 2013
A VICTORIAN man is in hospital after attempting to fight one of the blazes that started in Melbourne's outer metropolitan areas on Saturday.
The state's fire services commissioner Craig Lapsley said the man was transported to hospital with burns caused by a blaze in Arthurs Creek, the source of which is under investigation.
The fire was one of several that started around Melbourne late on Saturday following several days of hot dry conditions.
"Late in the day we saw fires start and they took control very quickly," Mr Lapsley told AAP on Sunday.
Blazes include fires at Hesket, Port Fairy and Arthur's Creek.
A watch and act remains in place for the Dargo area, east of Victoria's Alpine National Park, where a medium, slow moving fire is burning out of control.
High winds forecast for bushfire-affected parts of the state on Saturday were milder than expected, however patches of rain that moved through in the evening with the cool change didn't reach the large fires, Mr Lapsley said.
"The winds weren't as high as first thought but it was the end of a very hot period," Mr Lapsley said.
The cool change marks the beginning of four days of milder weather that will enable fire fighters to prepare for the next string of hot days, he said.
"For firefighters, it's critical to get as much control as possible around Harrietville and the Aberfeldy fire," Mr Lapsley said.
"The longer term forecast is that it will be very warm again starting Thursday and through to the next weekend."
He said the 82,390-hectare Aberfeldy fire and the Harrietville fire were in such remote parts of the bush they were unlikely to be bought under control without rain.
"They are going to be there for the next couple of weeks and from time to time they will threaten communities in the Alpine area and also around Gippsland."
Mr Lapsley said people needed to be attuned to CFA warnings.
RESCUE efforts continue into the early hours at schools and suburbs in Oklahoma as the death toll in the wake of a tornado continues to rise.
PARENTS at a northern suburbs primary school have been notified that a support worker has been arrested for child sex offences.
THE heavens have finally opened across regional parts of the state and metropolitan Adelaide is set for a good drenching this evening.
ELECTRICITY and gas company AGL has been ordered to pay $1.55 million for using illegal door-to-door sales practices in South Australia and Victoria.

Source URL: http://www.adelaidenow.com.au/news/breaking-news/hundreds-of-vic-firefighters-kept-busy/story-e6frea7l-1226574630153?from=public_rss
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 10 ---
- Video shows girl pulling White Rabbit's tail
- White Rabbit turns and follows the girl
- Girls claim he said: "Don't even start your s*** with me"
A MOBILE phone video broadcast by ABC 10 News allegedly shows Disneyland's White Rabbit getting a little too personal with a 14-year-old girl.
The 30-second video was filmed by Manuel Carlos. It shows his daughter Alexis pulling on the tail of the White Rabbit. Mr Carlos laughs as his other daughter Jocelyn, 14, also takes a turn.
The rabbit then follows Jocelyn pinning her up against a fence.
Jocelyn told ABC 10 the rabbit held her by the arm and neck.
"He told me, 'Don't you ever do that again or I will call security, and tell your stupid friend to stop doing it too'," Jocelyn told ABC 10.
In the video someone can be heard yelling “Hey you get off her".
Alexis and Jocelyn claim the rabbit then said: “Don't even start your s*** with me".
In a statement, Disneyland said: "This seems to be a blatant attempt by a lawyer to generate publicity for a case that has no merit. If anything, all this video shows is a family of misbehaving guests deliberately provoking a character for their own malicious amusement."
Disneyland's White Rabbit is already the subject of a lawsuit after claims the character refused to hug African American children.
But he's not the only one in trouble - Florida's Donald Duck is at the centre of a racism row after the cartoon favourite was said to have snubbed a black family.

Source URL: http://www.adelaidenow.com.au/travel/world/why-you-shouldnt-follow-disneys-white-rabbit/story-e6fref03-1226584979545
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 11 ---
Events & Seminars Calendar
Please fill in the form below or look at the branch and division contact pages for more details.
You can also contact us on email@example.com or call us on 1300 APESMA (1300 273 762)
Please complete the required fields before submitting.
Contact details including Federal as well as each state branch offices.
Contact details for our professional division committees

Source URL: http://www.apesma.com.au/contact/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 12 ---
Operations Manager At Music Victoria
Music Victoria is currently seeking a permanent full-time Operations Manager to work alongside the CEO to lead the organisation through its next stage of growth and development.
- Demonstrated experience in planning processes, government contract management, and KPI reporting.
- Knowledge and experience in organisational effectiveness and operations management, implementing best practice standards.
- Demonstrated financial management skills Demonstrated understanding of grant/funding structures and priorities and ability to negotiate confidently.
- Proven people management and organisational skills. High-level interpersonal, oral and written communication skills.
- Experience in a senior management role in a not-for-profit and Committee-governed organisation.
- An understanding of and experience in the contemporary music industry.
- A working knowledge of MYOB or equivalent software.

Source URL: http://www.beat.com.au/content/operations-manager-music-victoria
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 13 ---
Changing your hair colour is fun but dealing with nasty regrowth isn’t. However, they're easier to cover up than you think. Whether you’re going back to your natural shade or giving your hair a rest in between trips to the hairdresser, here are five ways to make growing out your roots totally painless. To see them, just keep reading.
Headband braids and French braids in general are a great way to conceal roots because they wrap layers of hair over one another, creating a more uniform look.
Big, over-directed curls
Creating tonnes of volume at your roots with large, loose curls makes your roots stand up, hiding them.
This is a classic solution and still a good one. Make like Gossip Girl's Blair Waldorf and band it over. Using a wide ribbon or a scarf works well, too and is always chic.
A sleek, side-parted bun
In the opposite direction, creating a deep side part and slicking your hair back against your head makes all your hair look darker and makes your roots stand out less in general.
The most direct solution is to powder your roots. If you're looking for the perfect product for touch-ups and to conceal oil, Bumble and Bumble Hair Powder Spray ($72) comes in four different shades ideal for blonde, brunette and raven-haired beauties. In a pinch you can also use baby powder or face powder to change your shade.

Source URL: http://www.bellasugar.com.au/Bellas-Top-5-Ways-Cover-Your-Re-Growth-17990597
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 14 ---
Receive the latest promotions in your inbox
Find BIG W store trading hours and locations
We have subscribed you to the BIG W newsletter.
You can unsubscribe at any time by following the link in the newsletter or in your account details.Close window
You are now unsubscribed.Close window
|Store name||Distance||Stock level|

Source URL: http://www.bigw.com.au/bigw/navigation/navigation_results.jsp?params=fh_location%3D%2F%2Fcatalog01%2Fen_AU%2Fcategories%3C%7Bcatalog01_2534374302023682%7D%2Fcategories%3C%7Bcatalog01_2534374302023682_2534374302023690_2534374302023691%7D%26fh_user_date%3D20120507&reset=false
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 15 ---
Federal police have arrested another man as part of a long-running investigation into drug trafficking and the alleged involvement of customs officers based at Sydney airport.
The Wednesday morning arrest of a 24-year-old Tennyson Point man brings the total number of people arrested as part of Operation Marca–the codename given to a multi-agency probe focusing on drug importation and corruption–to 10.
Fairfax Media reported that a 22-year-old courier allegedly linked to Sydney Airport Customs officers was arrested in Sydney on Saturday.
Both men are scheduled to appear in Sydney Central Local Court on Wednesday.
In a statement released this morning, the AFP said it will be alleged in court that the men imported approximately 10kg of pseudoephedrine into Australia in March 2010, and were assisted by an Australian Customs and Border Protection officer based at Sydney airport.
Federal police arrested eight people in 2012, including three Commonwealth officials, who were charged with a range of corruption and drug importation related offences.
AFP Commissioner Tony Negus said these latest arrests show the progress in the fight against organised crime and corruption.
“These arrests are another significant step forward in this investigation," Commissioner Negus said.
‘‘The AFP and ACLEI investigation continues and further arrests are anticipated as the allegedly corrupt syndicate is dismantled."
On Saturday, authorities swooped on a courier accused of importing drugs with the alleged help of Sydney Airport Customs officers amid fresh revelations that some of the drug mules involved in the scandal risked the death penalty by moving drugs through Singapore.
Among other developments in the growing customs corruption scandal, a Fairfax Media investigation can also reveal that up to four customs officers suspected of involvement in serious corruption remain working at the airport.
Also still working at the airport are a small number of suspected corrupt baggage handlers who have links to alleged drug trafficker Joseph Harb and are holders of federal government Aviation Security Identity Cards.
The couriers are accused of helping to import millions of dollars worth of drugs into Australia since at least 2009.
It's understood that anti-corruption investigators from the Australian Commission for Law Enforcement Integrity, along with their federal police counterparts, are planning to make several more arrests in the coming months.
Fairfax Media - which reported the existence of the corrupt airport cell last December - can also reveal that most of the suspected corrupt customs staff have been identified as belonging to a small team of officers who worked shifts together at Sydney Airport.
Because this team of officers worked in the same international passenger checking team, known as a ''stream'', they were able to work together to move bags filled with contraband past the various security checks required at the airport.
On at least one occasion, it's believed a courier transited through Singapore airport with his load of drugs before flying into Sydney.
The suspected corrupt customs officials also advised couriers on how to move large bundles of drug money out of
Australia, in breach of laws that require any cash amount over $10,000 to be declared to customs. Some of the money earned from the drug sales has gone to the coffers of the Comanchero outlaw bikie club.
It appears that an alleged ringleader of the group would wait until certain customs staff were working the same shift before giving the green light for couriers to pass through the airport after flying from overseas destinations with their drug loads. This happened around every three months.
Staff who were not initially corrupt were convinced by this ringleader to perform certain tasks in return for payments of several thousand dollars.
A serious challenge for the multiple agencies working on the customs probe, code-named Operation Marca, is dealing with officials who may not be charged due to insufficient evidence but who are strongly believed to have still engaged in corruption or serious misconduct.
As many as 20 officers from Sydney airport may fall into this category.
Another major challenge for the investigation will be finding enough evidence to arrest senior organised crime figures, including a well-known Sydney Lebanese crime boss, who are tied to the corrupt cell but have kept at arm's length to avoid detection.
The two customs officers so far charged by Operation Marca are Adrian Lamella and Paul Katralis, who have both been remanded in custody on serious drug trafficking and corruption charges.
Katralis is re-appearing in court today.

Source URL: http://www.bluemountainsgazette.com.au/story/1238705/another-arrest-in-customs-investigation/?cs=12
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 16 ---
EU gives conditional nod to Glencore-Xstrata deal
The European Commission on Thursday gave a conditional green light to the massive tie-up between Swiss mining giant Xstrata and commodities trader Glencore that would create a global leader.
"The clearance is conditional on the termination of Glencore's off-take arrangements for zinc metal in the European Economic Area with Nyrstar, the world's largest zinc metal producer, and the divestiture of Glencore's minority shareholding in Nyrstar," it said in a statement.
Shareholders of Glencore and Xstrata -- both headquartered in the tax haven of Zoug in Switzerland -- on Tuesday overwhelmingly approved a merger of the two firms to create a goliath capable of out-muscling nearly everyone in their field.
If it obtains the necessary regulatory approvals, Glencore-Xstrata would enter the stage as the world's fourth-biggest commodities company in terms of market capitalisation, after BHP Billiton, Vale and Rio Tinto.
Glencore and Xstrata said last month they hoped the combined company, with a market capitalisation of around 67 billion euros ($US85.5 billion) and with a combined turnover of $US209.4 billion, could come into being by the end of the year.
The long deadlocked process advanced last month when Xstrata's main shareholder, Qatar Holding -- the energy-rich emirate's top sovereign wealth fund -- said it was satisfied with renegotiated terms of the deal.
A number of Xstrata shareholders had also been up in arms over a provision in the initial deal that would have provided massive bonuses to 73 Xstrata executives to ensure they remained with the merged company.

Source URL: http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/business/world-business/eu-gives-conditional-nod-to-glencorexstrata-deal-20121123-29tjg.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 17 ---
Spooked by the expansion of ASIO
IN THE first five years of this century, terrorism and national security were at the forefront of government thinking.
The September 11 attacks - which killed more than 3000 people - and the two Bali bombings of October 2002 and October 2005 - which killed 222 people, including 92 Australians - prompted the government to ramp up security services.
This came to mind as I noted in the budget papers last week that intelligence agency funding had at long last being frozen.
In the frenzy after the attacks there was a worldwide overreaction. Airline passengers had items as trivial as nail clippers taken from their hand luggage, while the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade issued travel warnings to Indonesia saying that Australians should reconsider their need to go to the country. The ban was only toned down 10 days ago, changing the warning that travellers should ''reconsider their need to travel'' to one that said they should ''exercise a high degree of caution''.
I have to admit that in April 2006 I ignored the warning. Sitting on my hotel verandah at sunset on Bali's Nusa Lembongan, watching seaweed farmers gently pole their boats across the bay, I wrote a travel article questioning the DFAT warning. It was risky. Had there been another bombing or terrorist attack in the following months I would have been seen as an idiot.
But there wasn't, and the Indonesian government rightly felt that Australia was maligning its efforts to combat terrorism and harming its tourist industry.
Back in 2006, I was sceptical of DFAT's Indonesian intelligence knowledge and confident that Australians were safe in most parts of the country. It was also clear that tourist dollars were desperately needed by many Indonesians.
In the fearful environment, ASIO was allocated funds to enable it to grow like Topsy. There was money for a new headquarters and by May 2006 ASIO staff numbers had increased to 1003, as measured by the budget's average staffing level (ASL). The growth was so rapid that the organisation struggled to recruit its allocation for the year. And then it was given a further increase, designed to take its numbers up to 1800 - a staggering 80 per cent jump.
The latest figures show an ASL of 1760, which is to be maintained for 2012-13. No statistics are provided for the Australian Secret Intelligence Service, but the Office of National Assessments is to get an additional seven to take it from 141 to 148.
In putting the case for a limit to ASIO's growth, I am in no way suggesting that there are no threats, or that ASIO and the other intelligence organisations cannot play a part in countering them. What is in question is whether spending so many additional dollars on such work provides sufficient information to justify the expenditure.
Last week's underpants bomb discovery shows that terrorists are continually working on new means of attack. We can never be 100 per cent secure. The ways in which attacks could be mounted are limited only by the lack of imagination and knowledge of the terrorists.
ASIO's role is to counter threats to security, including espionage, sabotage, politically motivated violence, the promotion of communal violence, attacks on Australia's defence system, acts of foreign interference and serious threats to Australia's territorial and border integrity. The budget papers say the threat posed by terrorism, and in particular Islamic jihadist terrorism, remains the most immediate and significant factor influencing the security of Australia and Australians. After several years of accelerated growth, the agency has conceded that it will need to adapt to a ''significantly tighter budgetary environment''.
I hope in ''adapting'' it can further improve its processes for assessing security clearances, particularly those for asylum seekers. In recent years ASIO and the Department of Immigration and Citizenship say they have rationalised and speeded up their processes.
But more can be done.
ASIO told the Joint Parliamentary Committee on Immigration Detention that about 80 per cent of its assessments were completed in less than a week. However, it could take many months for the other 20 per cent, which were more complex.
There is also a need for greater transparency in ASIO's processes and the creation of a tribunal to handle appeals against its decisions.
The Campaign Coordinator of the Asylum Seeker Resource Centre, Pamela Curr, told the parliamentary committee that she knew of a man who had been issued with an adverse ASIO security assessment because of his activities in Sri Lanka. But he produced documents showing that he was not in Sri Lanka at the time. He was in a refugee camp in India.
The Parliamentary committee rightly recognised the need to keep security sources and procedures confidential. But it also accepted the overwhelming imperative to provide procedural fairness where a person's liberty was at stake.
The committee concluded that the current system did not strike an appropriate balance and recommended that ASIO legislation be amended to allow the Security Appeals Division of the Administrative Appeals Tribunal to review ASIO assessments of asylum seekers and refugees.
The government has promised to provide its response to the committee's report by September this year.

Source URL: http://www.canberratimes.com.au/opinion/spooked-by-the-expansion-of-asio-20120512-1yjhu.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 18 ---
Tipped to be called the Mercedes-Benz S-Class Coupe, the replacement for the seven-year-old CL-Class has been snapped exclusively for the first time.
Revealing a similar front end to the all-new sixth-generation S-Class sedan caught almost undisguised yesterday, the coupe sports an even larger, lower and wider front grille, with a more steeply raked body.
The new S-Class Coupe flaunts an even higher and more sweeping beltline than the sedan, and bulged rear haunches. Rear styling appears strikingly similar to an Aston Martin, with wide, low tail-lights melding into a bootlid with an in-built aerodynamic ‘lip’.
As with the current CL-Class, frameless doors and a B-pillarless body continue as hallmarks of the flagship Mercedes-Benz coupe.
Compared with the outgoing CL-Class, the new S-Class Coupe is expected to sell at a similar $50K premium over the sedan, with a range of pricetags from $350-$550K.
While the next-generation S-Class sedan will debut later this year, this S-Class Coupe is in the very early stages of on-road testing and isn’t expected until 2014.
Both will be a showcase of Mercedes-Benz engineering, previewing safety and equipment technology that will eventually filter down into mainstream models.

Source URL: http://www.caradvice.com.au/215414/mercedes-benz-s-class-coupe-caught/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 19 ---
With weaker sales and decreasing profitability, almost one in two Queensland businesses expect the state’s economy to weaken during the next 12 months, the latest Commonwealth Bank CCIQ Pulse Survey has revealed.
Chamber of Commerce & Industry Queensland (CCIQ) has called on Queensland doctors to continue to issue doctor’s certificates and support employees accessing sick leave.
Chamber of Commerce & Industry Queensland (CCIQ) has joined forces with key business organisations across the country today to launch a national advertising campaign against the Federal Government’s proposed carbon tax.
The Queensland business community will express its anger over the new carbon and mining resource rent taxes directly to the Federal Government at the Senate Select Committee on Scrutiny of New Taxes on Monday 25 July in Brisbane.
Queensland’s small-medium sized businesses will pay the highest price for the Federal Government’s carbon tax as it will drive down consumer spending, and business confidence and viability, Chamber of Commerce & Industry Queensland has warned.

Source URL: http://www.cciq.com.au/news/date/2011/07/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 20 ---
Century Software has developed a competitive, world
class retail solution for mid-market retailers. The solution
uses industry standard technology products for the Retail sector thus
providing the investment protection you are seeking in today's ever changing
Century Software's Retail specific applications combined with our retail
experience provides you with a solution that meets the needs of your industry.
Century Software solutions are fully integrated, scalable and will
grow with your business, helping it keep pace with the Internet economy.
Reveal Retail leverages all of these benefits with it's seamless integration
to an industrial strength database and applications that has been certified.
Today's customers have become more sophisticated in terms of what they want
out of retailers. Retailers need to look at ways to become increasingly customer
focussed and more efficient and find ways to take the costs out of their business.
To achieve this today's retailer must look beyond merchandise management and
become involved in merchandise planning, supply-chain automation and customer
Reveal Retail will help you move to this next level at an affordable cost.
Century Software understand that mid-market retailers have the same issues
as big ones but need solutions that are specific to them. The combination of
Century's Retail merchandising solution integrated Financials all running on
the security of a major database engine provides you with solution pedestal
for creating business advantage.
› Would you like to know more? Contact
a Century Rep.

Source URL: http://www.centurysoftware.com.au/century/products/retail
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 21 ---
02.What to buy
These products scored the best in our test:
|What to buy|
Low fat and great taste
|Dairy Farmers Thick & Creamy Field Strawberries
|Tamar Valley Premium Creamy Raspberry
Great taste, but not low fat
|Dairy Bliss Spring Delights Deli Yoghurt Strawberry
|Gippsland Dairy Raspberry Twist
|King Island Dairy Vanilla Bean Yoghurt
Taste testers likes and dislikes
We asked 32 ordinary consumers, all CHOICE staff, to taste the yoghurts and rate them for creaminess and overall impression.
On average our tasters liked all the yoghurts, but there were some clear favourites (see table). And often price is a fair guide – overall the tasters preferred the more expensive brands.
The most popular were described as:
- Thick and creamy.
- Very fruity.
By contrast, brands the tasters didn't like as much were typically described as:
- Thin texture.
- A bit watery.
- A touch bland.
Creamy without the cream
On average, the tasters preferred the yoghurts that tasted creamiest. Fortunately, however, yoghurt doesn't have to be loaded with fat to taste creamy. Three of the top five brands contain plenty of fat and deliver about 8% of your daily energy needs in one hit.
The other two, however, Dairy Farmers Thick & Creamy Field Strawberries and Tamar Valley Premium Creamy Raspberry, are actually low in fat. Their manufacturers have used intelligent food science to give the impression of a rich and creamy yoghurt (see Food science at its best).

Source URL: http://www.choice.com.au/reviews-and-tests/food-and-health/food-and-drink/groceries/premium-yoghurt-review-and-compare/page/what%20to%20buy.aspx
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 22 ---
Linksys routers have, in the past, been ugly little suckers. We're sorry to have to say it, but it's true; while in the past we've commented on the fact that it really doesn't matter what a router looks like, given that you can just shove it in a cupboard, Linksys was amongst the worst offenders for having overly industrial looking designs, which is probably a side effect of Cisco's ownership of the company.
If it was possible to mate broadband routers, we'd suggest that the WAG325N might have been the result of a torrid night's passion between the vaguely smurf-coloured TRENDnet TEW-432BRP and the disturbingly militaristic looking Linksys WRT300N, which sports an antennae that looks like it came right out of Pine Gap. The end result is eye catching, but at the same time, we can't help but wonder if the Smurfs are now spying on us.
Aside from these cosmetic features, the WAG325N has little to distinguish it from other routers you might come across. It's got the same blinky port and activity lights on the front - we're still feeling somewhat spoilt by the Belkin N1, but the WAG325N is more a par for the course model. The rear of the WAG325N houses four 10/100 ethernet ports and an RJ-11 connector for your ADSL/ADSL2/2+ connection.
The key feature that Linksys touts with the WAG325N is the use of Draft-N networking. We've been critical of Draft-N in the past, primarily because so many vendors make hyperbolic claims about performance that simply can't be backed up. We'll get to how the WAG325N fared in our tests in a minute, but we couldn't overlook the hype-heavy claims that leapt out from the front of the WAG325N's box at us, claiming up to 4x available range and 12x speed improvements over 802.11g. Those are bold claims - could the WAG325N shock us by living up to them - and handily beating out the competition in the process?
The other key differential in the WAG325N's makeup is that, unlike many Linksys routers of the past, the WAG325N is a full ADSL2+ gateway; as such it incorporates an ADSL2+ modem in the package, removing the need for an additional black box, but somewhat putting all your eggs in one basket when lightning comes calling.
Setting up the WAG325N involved a few quirks. While Linksys provides a nice clear, CD-based tutorial for setting up the gateway, for whatever reason it refused to recognise that we'd plugged a PC into it for initial configuration, which stalled the automatic installation routine. We persevered by connecting up to the WAG325N's web interface. While the design of the WAG325N might be fairly new school, the web interface is strictly from the Linksys of old. If you know your way around a network interface and are familiar with all the relevant terminology, then you'll be fine, but novices may quickly find themselves lost in a mire of QoS, MTU, MAC and other baffling acronyms.
You may also find yourself constantly irritated by the fact that even the most minute changes to the WAG325N's interface require a router reboot, a slow and tedious process. We didn't like it when it happened with the D-Link DIR-655, and we don't like it here.
In order to get the most out of a Draft-N system you'll need a Draft-N card. Where previous 802.11n products (normally differentiated by a "Pre" or similar prefix) used cards that usually were not interoperable between vendors, one of the key benefits of Draft-N is that the cards should be entirely interoperable. To give the gateway the best possible chance of impressing us, we tested using a $189.95 Linksys WPC300N Draft N PC Card, which Linksys provided to us for testing. To see how 802.11g devices stacked up, we also used a laptop running a standard 802.11g internal adaptor. Here's how our tests stacked up:
|Linksys WPC300N||Intel Centrino 802.11g|
|Next to router
All tests were performed in a Sydney suburban home of reasonable size, transferring a 62MB allocation of files from three different locations relative to the router.
So what does this indicate? Certainly, the WAG325N and WPC300N did offer better throughput than the standard 802.11g solution we were using, so on a raw speed basis it somewhat proves itself - if it weren't for the claims of up to 12x speed improvement over that selfsame 802.11g standard. 2.48x isn't anywhere near equal to 12x, and at a consumer level we feel it's not quite good enough to make claims like this.
One area where the WAG325N did acquit itself well was in extended range at quality speeds. Next to the router we got a solid 300Mbps (claimed) signal and a fast transfer, but moving away only saw the slightest of dips - down to around the 250Mbps level - and virtually no change in data transfer rates as a result. For most home uses, the WAG325N certainly has enough power to punch through signal, even if the signal's not quite a strong as the manufacturer might claim.
One positive factor for the WAG325N was its stability; while we only had a relatively short period in which to test the gateway, it remained running and stable throughout.
As long as manufacturers of Draft-N products keep on making bold claims about their products that fail in the real world, we'll keep making the same dull statement; Draft N (and, indeed 802.11n) has a lot of promise, but as yet all the promises have been broken ones. Our advice is to wait for more Draft-N (or even "real" N) equipment that can really live up to the hype before investing.

Source URL: http://www.cnet.com.au/linksys-wag325n-339275019.htm
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 23 ---
Windows 8: who cares? Not that many people, apparently
- 08 July, 2012 14:28
Users remain significantly less enthused about Windows 8 than they were three years ago about the then-unfinished Windows 7, according to data from an analytics firm.
The new numbers from California-based Net Applications hint at a lukewarm reception for Windows 8.
Just 0.18% of all the computers that went online during June ran one of the previews of Windows 8, statistics Net Applications showed last week. Of those PCs running Windows, 0.2% -- or 20 out of 10,000 -- were powered by Windows 8.
As in April, when Computerworld last used Net Applications' data to analyze Windows 8 uptake, the new OS' June numbers were dramatically lower than Windows 7's at the same point in its development.
In June 2009, four months before its launch, Windows 7 accounted for 0.75% of all computers and 0.80% of all Windows machines. In other words, Windows 7's share was four times that of Windows 8.
Even when the different release dates of the previews for each operating system are taken into account, Windows 8 still comes up short, although the disparity is not as pronounced. In the first full month after each sneak peek's release, Windows 7's share of all Windows PCs was two to three times greater than Windows 8's.
(Windows 7's beta reached users seven weeks earlier in 2009 than Windows 8 Consumer Preview did this year, while Windows 7's release candidate preceded Windows 8's Release Preview on the calendar by nearly four weeks.)
Four months after its Consumer Preview's debut, Windows 8's share of all Windows machines was lower than Windows 7's just seven weeks after the launch of its beta.
Other comparison also put Windows 8 in a poor light.
Windows 8's June 2012 share of 0.18%, for example, represents about 2.9 million machines of last year's estimated global installed base of 1.6 billion PCs. Windows 7's 0.75% from June 2009, meanwhile, translates into about 9.4 million systems of that year's smaller installed base of approximately 1.25 billion.
The bottom line: More than three times the number of people ran Windows 7 at the T-minus-four-month mark than ran Windows 8 at the same point in its development.
The gap between Windows 8's and Windows 7's pre-launch adoption has widened in the last four months. (Data: Net Applications.)
The operating systems have had an equal opportunity to win hearts and minds: Microsoft delivered two early versions of each to the public. They also appear to be on the same shipping schedule. Windows 7 went on sale in October 2009, and although Microsoft has not yet set a release date for Windows 8, most experts expect that it will also launch in October.
If Microsoft watches these numbers -- and there's no reason to think it does not, since the company regularly cites Net Applications' data when it discusses Internet Explorer's browser share -- it must be disheartened by the comparisons.
Not only does Windows 8 compare unfavorably to Windows 7, but the gap between the two has widened. Two months ago Windows 8's share was half of Windows 7's three years before. Since then the difference between the editions has doubled, with Windows 8's June share only one-fourth of Windows 7's in that month of 2009.
Unlike post-launch share data, the early returns are not tainted with new PCs that come with an operating system. Rather, users chose to install the previews of Windows 7 and Windows 8, and thus the share figures represent a more accurate picture of customer interest in the upcoming operating system itself, not in the desire -- or need -- to acquire new hardware.
Net Applications' data, of course, doesn't preclude Windows 8 from flourishing once new systems running it reach stores and the upgrade becomes available for purchase by those who don't plan on replacing PCs. In fact, Microsoft has priced the Windows 8 upgrade at an all-time low of $40 in a promotion that starts when the OS ships and ends Jan. 31, 2013. The price cut could jumpstart Windows 8.
But even Microsoft has tacitly admitted that Windows 8 will be a hard sell to some, notably enterprises. In mid-2009, several months before Windows 7's release, Microsoft told enterprises to dump deployment plans for that edition and shift to Windows 7.
Customers did just that: Windows 7 will become the most popular Windows this month when it passes XP in Net Applications' calculations.
However, Microsoft has not told users to stop deploying Windows 7. As recently as last month the company again urged enterprises to continue their adoption of Windows 7.
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer, on Google+ or subscribe to Gregg's RSS feed. His email address is email@example.com.
Read more about windows in Computerworld's Windows Topic Center.
Join the Computerworld Australia group on Linkedin. The group is open to IT Directors, IT Managers, Infrastructure Managers, Network Managers, Security Managers, Communications Managers.
Australia lags Mongolia in Internet speeds
40 years ago, Ethernet's fathers were the startup kids
Windows 8 won't hit critical mass in enterprises, Forrester says
Dell replays Windows 8 blame card as PC sales slide
Optus launches 4G TD-LTE in Canberra

Source URL: http://www.computerworld.com.au/article/429909/windows_8_who_cares_many_people_apparently_/?fp=4&fpid=1968336438
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 24 ---
Australia Post launches its Digital Mailbox
- 31 October, 2012 08:21
Australia Post has officially launched its Digital Mailbox as part of the government-owned company’s $2 billion investment in digitising its communications and delivery mail network.
Users of the Digital MailBox will be able to access their bills and account statements, make payments and use the mailbox as a “digital vault” to upload documents from any computer or mobile device which has Internet access.
Users will also be able to choose who they can receive electronic communications from, with only approved and certified providers able to connect to the service.
Companies that have signed up with the digital mail service include Telstra, AMP, Westpac, ANZ and National Australia Bank.
The encrypted mailbox will be hosted in Telstra’s Cloud.
“This is a truly historic development for Australia Post,” Senator Stephen Conroy, Minister for Broadband, Communications and the Digital Economy, said in a statement.
“It is embracing the emerging digital economy and taking advantage of the possibilities offered by the rollout of super-fast broadband through the National Broadband Network (NBN).”
The Department of Human Services and the Australian Taxation Office are currently taking part in trials of the mailbox as a communication tool.
However, it has not been smooth sailing for the launch of Australia Post’s Digital Mailbox. In August this year, the Federal Court dismissed a trademark suit brought by Australia Post against joint venture Digital Post Australia (DPA), alleging that DPA's name was too similar to its own.
The court found the suit was without merit, with Australia Post appealing the decision and DPA stating it was on track to deliver a digital postal service.
A Gartner analyst has also said the investment in Australia Post’s Digital Mailbox is “speculative” and it is impossible to tell whether its investment will pay off.
Australia Post recently reported an overall group profit of $281 million in 2012, despite a loss of $148 million for its regulated mail business for the year, a 20 per cent increase over 2011.
Follow Computerworld Australia on Twitter: @ComputerworldAU
Join the Computerworld Australia group on Linkedin. The group is open to IT Directors, IT Managers, Infrastructure Managers, Network Managers, Security Managers, Communications Managers.
Australia lags Mongolia in Internet speeds
40 years ago, Ethernet's fathers were the startup kids
Windows 8 won't hit critical mass in enterprises, Forrester says
Dell replays Windows 8 blame card as PC sales slide
Optus launches 4G TD-LTE in Canberra

Source URL: http://www.computerworld.com.au/article/440552/australia_post_launches_its_digital_mailbox/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 25 ---
Defender Sam Gilbert helps lead St Kilda charge towards AFL premiership
- From: The Courier-Mail
- September 24, 2009
SAM Gilbert was born to be a Saint.
A St George Illawarra Dragon, that is.
The St Kilda defender's grandfather and great-grandfather both played for the Dragons and he grew up in a rugby league-obsessed household on the Gold Coast.
He played junior rugby league with the Bilambil Jets and was enrolled in the sports excellence program at Palm Beach Currumbin High School - and then a friend suggested he try playing Australian football.
On Saturday he will line up on the half-back flank for St Kilda as they try to break a 43-year premiership drought.
There are plenty who say the reason the Saints have come this far is the improvement of players such as Gilbert - who was on the cusp of All-Australian selection this year after being included in the initial 40-man squad.
He puts the improvement down to a good pre-season, and also the feeling he belongs in the big league.
"You do get more confident every year," he said.
"And you do feel you have to contribute a bit more as you continue.
"I know personally I want to keep playing well - I put it down to pressure and preparation.
"I still have a bit to learn at the moment and have only played one finals campaign so far. I do have to lift the bar but we still have some very good leaders who I will be following."
Each year since he was drafted four years ago, the Gold Coaster has headed home around this time to watch his old friends from Southport battle it out in the QAFL grand final.
That was until this year, when he happily scrapped the annual trek home as Ross Lyon's Saints advanced through the opening weeks of September to book Saturday afternoon's date with Geelong at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
Suddenly the tables were turned and there was a scramble for tickets as his mates tried to repay the favour.
Best friend Mark Lynch, the man who convinced Gilbert to switch from rugby league and take up Australian football in his late teens, missed out.
"I'm shattered, he's got so many cousins and stuff he couldn't get me a ticket, he tried everything," Lynch said.
"A few of the Sharks boys know people who are MCC members so there's a couple who are heading down but I'm going to miss it."
Gilbert might move on from a club, but he never really leaves.
He started at Coolangatta and then advanced to QAFL division one powerhouse Southport before being drafted in 2004 by St Kilda, but his loyalties to his Queensland clubs are as strong now as when he played there.
"I have got a lot of good mates who still play there," he said.
"I do like to support Southport and Coolangatta ... it is who I am, and it is Broadbeach and Palm Beach who we hate."

Source URL: http://www.couriermail.com.au/sport/afl/defender-sam-gilbert-helps-lead-st-kilda-charge-towards-afl-premiership/story-e6frepi6-1225778902124
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 26 ---
D.VICE shopping information
Security is an issue when shopping over the internet. Your credit card details are protected by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. This means that your credit card number is encrypted before being sent over the internet.D.VICE uses Direct Payment Solutions (DPS) to process all online credit card transactions. find out more about the DPS secure online service.
- Find out more about SSL technology.
In order for the SSL security to work you must use an SSL enabled browser. Most browsers support SSL but if you can't see the page where you're asked for your credit card details then you'll need to upgrade your browser.
If you would like to update your browser they are available to download free from:
D.VICE offers alternative payment methods. Please see our help page, question 5 for details

Source URL: http://www.dvice.com.au/info/security
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 27 ---
ZOMBIE TAKES OWN SPIN TO SECOND HALLOWEEN.
EXCLUSIVE Rob Zombie, Halloween II Interview by Paul Fischer
Musician and filmmaker Rob Zombie continues to tap into his dark side in Halloween 2, which Zombie originally had no interest in. In this exclusive interview with Paul Fischer, Zombie not only explains what changed his mind, but talks further about his plans for The Blob and his music
QUESTION: When I spoke to you about the first Halloween movie, you weren't particularly keen on the idea, at the time, of doing a second one. And I was wondering, what kind of changed your mind about getting back into this world?
ROB ZOMBIE: Many things changed my mind. I mean, yeah. When I talked to anyone after the movie was done - you know, because usually you finish the movie, then you do press. And the first question is like, "Are you going to do Halloween II?" And I was like, "No." I was so burnt out after making Halloween. Halloween was a very difficult shoot. It was not particularly enjoyable. And the thought of doing anything Halloween again just seemed like, no way. But then time went by. You know, a year and a half went by. And I had passed on it. Weinstein Company didn't even ask me about it, because I was so clear that I didn't want to be part of it. And then - you know, actually I had heard they were making the movie with somebody else, so I didn't even think about it. And then I ran into one of the executives at something and I asked him, I said, "How's filming on Halloween II going?" Because I was curious, because all the actors are my friends, and I was curious how things were going. And he said, "Oh, man. We haven't even started yet. We don't even have a script. We don't even have an idea what to do." So at that point, I had gone on tour, finished a record, been around - you know, around the country, touring, and stuff. And I didn't have my next movie. And I was - you know, recuperated for sure. And I was like - the idea of coming back to it seemed really interesting to me at that time. Because I had missed all the actors, and I really - you know, I liked what we had started, and I really, at that point, wanted to continue it on.
QUESTION: Now, what was important to you in developing the script for the sequel, that had been not prevalent when they were developing it in the first place?
ROB ZOMBIE: Well, what was important to me is, I wanted it to play different than anything had played before, because usually with movie franchises like this, it's very rare that the same director returns, with the same cast. You know, usually it changes hands, and the whole thing changes direction. But since I was coming back, I really wanted to pick it up like part two. Like, completely follow it logically. What would be - because I thought - you know, the events of the first film are pretty traumatic, are pretty big. What would be the outcome of the first film, and the lives of all the characters - and really follow it through, as a real dark, human drama. You know? That's the way I looked at it.
QUESTION: How much more horrific did you want to make this film? I mean, how much more violent did you want to make it, or did you want to step up, pump it up?
ROB ZOMBIE: I wanted to expand every aspect of it. You know, when I went back and looked - I'm always really critical of my own work, so I don't have a problem with that. You know, I went back and looked at Halloween, and I thought - you know, to me, this film looks a little too clean. It looks a little too safe. It looks a little bit claustrophobic. Everything's confined in this suburban neighborhood, in these suburban homes. I really wanted to open up the scope of the movie. And to me, this film, Halloween II, is very much - this seems like the logical follow-up to Devil's Rejects. I went back, I went for a different approach, just from the film stock to the lighting. You know, just - it's much darker, grainer, grittier, dirtier film. And it seemed appropriate this time, because in the first Halloween, you have these characters like Laurie Strode. And they're very, like, happy-go-lucky all-American girl characters. They're not dark and damaged. But now, all the characters have survived this horrible night of murder. So, all the characters are scarred inside and out. So it made it much easier to concoct this sort of darker, nastier vision of Halloween. And I thought that - you know, you really want to take it to new places. You know, and make the violence more extreme, make the - just make everything more extreme. Because you just don't want to feel like, "Oh," you're going and you're getting less of what you got the first time. So. And you're amping it up all the way around.
QUESTION: So, would you say this is much more a Rob Zombie film than the first Halloween?
ROB ZOMBIE: I would. I would say that the first half of Halloween is very much a Rob Zombie film. And that was one thing I took away from it, too. That every - basically every single person I've ever talked to about the movie likes the first half of the movie better. And that was the part that was original. When it became sort of re-makish of John Carpenter's stuff - you know, it has - that was the part that people liked less. So, that's - when I went to do this, I wanted to be real conscious, "This is my movie. The characters, the scenarios, the settings, everything. This is just so me, all the way through." That was very important. And I think for that reason - you know, I mean, the film just came out last night at midnight. But everyone I've talked to who's seen it, the response has been so overwhelmingly positive, because this is like - they feel it's more me, and that's what they always liked in the first place.
QUESTION: Did you get any feedback from Carpenter after your first film came out?
ROB ZOMBIE: No, I didn't talk to him about it. I talked to him before I made the movie, and I haven't talked to him since. I mean, I didn't really want to call him up and say, "What did you think?" He probably never even saw it. Because - I mean, I've known John for a while. And sometimes I get the feeling like - you know, talking about Halloween 30 years later is not that high on his priority list. So - you know, if he ever wanted to talk about it, I'd talk about it. But I certainly wasn't about to pester him about it.
QUESTION: Now, how important is it for you to balance your music with your movie-making career?
ROB ZOMBIE: I mean, it's incredibly important, because both are equally important to me. And they're a great balance, because I have - you know, having a music career, which - obviously there's no other director I know of that has this sort of dual career. It's really helpful to me. Because - you know, you make a movie, you make it very much in a vacuum. Just you and the crew. It goes out there. You get feedback, but it's not the same as, like, playing a live concert. And what's great is, once the movie's done and in the can and done - you know, I'm going to go on tour for my record, and tour and go out and you meet thousands and thousands of kids every day, and be surrounded by the public. And you really get a sense of what is going on out there, with your fan base. I mean, you can do that somewhat on-line. But on-line is - it's so faceless. You don't really get a true sense. I feel like it's always really distorted, what's on-line. But when you go out there, and you really get amongst people - I mean, I found that out this year when I went to Comic-Con. Because they were always asking me at Comic-Con, "Wow. What is it like to be surrounded by all these fans?" And like - it's no big deal. Because this is what it's like being on tour. But I can tell for the actors and the other directors, they're like - "Whoa! I've never been in a room surrounded by thousands of fans of what I do." So, it's a really good balance. It really gives you a good gauge of what's going on out there.
QUESTION: So, what is happening with you musically at this point?
ROB ZOMBIE: Well, I have a new album I finished before I'd shot Halloween II. And that comes out in November, and I'll be back on the road touring with that.
QUESTION: And does that album reflect more of who you are now than your previous work?
ROB ZOMBIE: It's hard to say. I mean, everything always reflected who I was. You know, but things change with times. I mean, I'm not - music is tricky. It's really hard for me to say - you know, when I hear it, it's hard for me to say why it's the same, or why it's different. Sometimes I'll make a record, I think it sounds really different. Someone says, "Oh, that sounds like classic Rob Zombie." I'm like, "Okay." And then I do something that I think sounds similar, and someone will tell me, "That sounds so different." Music is the weirdest thing. I mean, people see things very differently. Everyone has different opinions about movies. But boy, music - people really hear music differently.
QUESTION: What would you like to do as a movie director now, that has been left cinematically left unsaid by you as a director?
ROB ZOMBIE: Well, I've made four complete films. Well, five. One's animated. But the four films, I have not been able to stretch very far, because each one has - it's really - House of 1000 Corpses, and Rejects was a sequel to that. Halloween, and Halloween II's a sequel to that. So, just looking to stretch beyond things. I mean, in the amount of time that I've been making movies, I've really only had two groups of characters to deal with, and two different scenarios. So, you know, just stretching outside. Every time you come across new actors to work with - there's other people that I'd like to work with. And you're just always trying to stretch the boundaries of what you can do. And - you know, I'd like to transition out of horror. Not leave it completely, but - you know, you want to be free to do whatever you want, and not get stuck in a genre. Because sometimes it can be very confining, because certain genres seem to have, like, very preconceived ideas of what the movie should be. And when you try to break beyond it, it seems to freak people out.
QUESTION: Is there a particular genre that you're dying to have a go at?
ROB ZOMBIE: Well, one of my favorite things has always been Westerns.
QUESTION: Oh, me too.
ROB ZOMBIE: And I think now is the time to really do something with the Western. And it's a tough sell, because - you know, Westerns, in general, they seem antiquated to younger audiences. And usually when they do make Westerns, they don't really update them in any sort of way. They play 'em pretty straight. And sometimes they can come across pretty dry. But - you know, I think that there's such great stories to be told there. I mean, to me, when I made Devil's Rejects, that was me wanting to make a Western but not having the funds at the time. I mean, it's basically three outlaws on the run from a sheriff. I mean, it's a Western. You know, we take out the cars and put in horses, and there you go.
QUESTION: Do you have any ideas for your next film, or are you going to focus on music right now?
ROB ZOMBIE: Yeah. I mean, right now, it got announced yesterday. I'm working with these people who own the rights to The Blob, and they want to do a remake of The Blob. And they came to me, and they said, you know, "We own The Blob. Do you want to do it? You can do anything you want with it." And what I thought was - you know, at first I was like, "Oh, I don't want to do anything else that's a remake." But when someone says, "You can do anything with it," it's essentially not a remake anymore. It's whatever you want to do. But what I liked about it, what's really different for me is, it's a science fiction movie. So, it's not - you know, violent, and a movie with people running around stabbing each other. So, it's cool. It's breakaway.
QUESTION: The Blob was very much a product of its time. It was as much about the 1950s as it was about a genre. I mean, would you pay any homage to the original? I mean, I know that some bloggers, some people that I've read have commentated that it would be cool to get, like, Karen Black or somebody from that era into this new movie. Would you completely divorce yourself from the original, or do your own thing?
ROB ZOMBIE: I think I would 100 percent do my own thing, because if there's anything that I've learned over the last bunch of years, it's you gotta do your own thing. When you're not doing 100 percent your own thing, you're doing sort of a disservice to everything. It's really - the only way something is - you have to make it 100 percent pure vision of what you want to do. Anything else is - it becomes chaos, because - you know, it's kind of like I was saying with the back half of Halloween, when you're dealing with the John Carpenter characters. You're like, "I didn't create these characters. I didn't envision this character, so I don't quite know where to go with it." Whereas, like, in Halloween II, I've perverted and twisted the characters so much, they become mine, and it was easy to deal with. The same thing with The Blob. I'm not going to go back and just have - "Somebody else will play the Steve McQueen role." I'm not even going to look at that movie. I'm just going to completely flip it upside down from top to bottom.
QUESTION: When do you hope to start prepping that?
ROB ZOMBIE: Oh, I don't know. I don't even have a script or anything yet. That's something for next year.
.QUESTION: And I take it this is definitely the end of the Halloween franchise for you?
ROB ZOMBIE: Yeah. I mean, I ended the movie in a way I think is an ending. But unfortunately, you know, with these types of movies, no matter how you end it, somebody thinks you left it wide open for a sequel. So I'm sure there'll be more coming down the road, but not with me.
Starring: Malcolm McDowell, Tyler Mane, Sheri Moon Zombie, Brad Dourif, Danielle Harris, Scout Taylor-Compton
Director: Rob Zombie
Runtime: 1 hr 41 mins

Source URL: http://www.femail.com.au/rob-zombie-halloween-2.htm
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 28 ---
Jim’s Test and Tag is a leader in the OH&S industry, providing specialist testing and tagging services in workplaces to protect people’s lives, and company assets, from unnecessary electrical risk since ...
First Class Accounts is Australia’s leading bookkeeping franchise. We are looking for motivated individuals wishing to develop a rewarding career within their own business while being part of a supportive nationwide network
Capital Investment Required:
Sites Territories Available:
Franchises available Australia-wide
FranchiseBusiness.com.au is one of Australia's largest online directories for franchising opportunities. For advertisers, FranchiseBusiness.com.au can increase a company's online presence and provide cost effective sales enquiries

Source URL: http://www.franchisebusiness.com.au/c/Jims-Test-and-Tag
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 29 ---
Not long now until the highly-anticipated landing of the Curiosity Rover on Mars. Watch the full, live, uninterrupted stream right here on Gizmodo Australia.
The landing is set to take place at 3:31pm (AEST) today, but you can watch the live, uninterrupted feed of the event from 1:30pm (AEST) today thanks to the World Science Festival and NASA.
If you want a sweet fact sheet on the mission so you can sound clever to your co-workers all day, you can get one here (PDF).
Update: NASA’s just finished a briefing on the live channel right now, but bookmark this page for 1:30pm AEST and we’ll bring you live, uninterrupted commentary right through to the insanely technical landing.
While you wait for the landing, why not read this story about how NASA allegedly took the idea to save Apollo 13 from an unnamed MIT graduate, or even watch Bill Shatner explain what’s going to happen.

Source URL: http://www.gizmodo.com.au/2012/08/watch-the-mars-curiosity-rover-landing-online/comment-page-2/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 30 ---
Duranbah beach viewed from Point Danger lookout
Brazilian beauties top up their tans on Duranbah beach
Duranbah sits just over the border into NSW
Duranbah beach is best known for its surfing
The beach break at Duranbah works in most conditions
Occupying the patch between Point Danger and the Tweed River entrance, Duranbah beach - or D'bah as it's known by locals - is best-known for its surf break.
The break works in most conditions, and the swell can get quite big.
The beach itself isn't anything to rave about but it's all about the waves here. There's a fair paddle through the white water to reach the riders but plenty of space for body boards and shorties to each take their fair share.
Just over the Queensland-NSW border into NSW, you can view Duranbah beach from Point Danger lookout but access is via Flagstaff Beach Road.
Parking Heaps of free parking spaces along Flagstaff Beach Road.
Facilities Covered picnic tables and BBQs at the Point Danger end of Flagstaff Beach Road. Beach showers just off the beach and a toilet block just behind it.
Nearby Duranbah beach has the pleasant Tweed River as its neighbour. Behind the beach, John Follent Park skirts the river with plenty of green space to stretch the legs, shady picnic spots and kids playground equipment. Follow the footpath towards town and you'll reach the Jack Evans Boat Harbour, a haven for swimmers, dolphins and non-motorised water craft.
Most Gold Coast beaches are great for a dip but in general, the calmer swimming beaches are found at the southern end of the Gold Coast and across the border into NSW.
A top Gold Coast family holiday involves a day out at a Gold Coast beach, with ample parking, public toilets, easy access to the beach, a bit of shade, a picnic area and a local shop nearby.
The Gold Coast has the best selection of surfing beaches in the world. If one is blown out, another is pumping. Whether you are a beginner or a pro, options are plentiful.
With more than 70km of sand to choose from, finding a private patch of beach on the Gold, Tweed or northern NSW coastlines isn't hard if you know where to look.

Source URL: http://www.goldcoast.com.au/gold-coast-beaches-duranbah.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 31 ---
Google Voice for iPhone: Missing in action
- — 05 August, 2009 23:25
Big Brother is a little late in arriving, having been expected by 1984 at the latest. But he has shown his face twice recently in the world of mobile technology: First, in the mass removal from Amazon Kindles of George Orwell's 1984 (oh, sweet irony) and Animal Farm e-books. Second, when Apple banished all Google Voice-related apps from its App Store--including one excellent app, GV Mobile, which Apple had approved and which had been available in the iTunes store since early May.
Amazon's move was by far the more outrageous of the two. If you'd purchased Orwell's e-books from Amazon's Kindle store, you'd have awakened one fine July morning to find that an entity more powerful than you had spirited those e-books away in the dead of night, like dissenters in a totalitarian regime.
Okay, so that metaphor is a bit over the top--but so was what Amazon did. Amazon says it took this drastic action because Orwell's publisher changed its mind about distributing the late author's works as Kindle e-books. People who downloaded Orwell books to their Kindles received a refund--and Amazon CEO Jess Bezos ate a big slice of humble pie after the public hue and cry. But the point from this escapade was clear: Through digital rights management, your ability to read, view, listen to, watch, or use a digitally downloaded product can go poof at any time.
GV Mobile Missing in Action
And then there's the case of GV Mobile.
About a month ago, I paid $US3 to install developer Sean Kovacs's excellent GV Mobile app from Apple's iTunes store on my iPhone. The app made it possible to use many of Google Voice's features on my iPhone, using an iPhone-like interface.
GV Mobile first appeared in the iTunes store in early May, says Kovacs. He offered both a basic free version and the $US3 version. But then, on July 27, Kovacs says he received word from Apple that it was removing GV Mobile from iTunes because it duplicated features inherent to the iPhone. Apple has sent into Siberia other Google Voice iPhone apps, such as VoiceCentral, and has rejected Google's own Google Voice app. It's not a stretch to suggest that AT&T, which is the exclusive U.S. wireless service provider for the iPhone, was none too pleased with Google Voice apps potentially taking revenue out of its pocket.
If you already have GV Mobile installed on your iPhone, it should continue to work as before, Kovacs says. (And indeed it does, at least for me.) But for how long? Apple has the technical ability to remotely disable apps on individual iPhones, having added a "remote kill switch" to the iPhone 2.0 OS--though not many people outside Apple seem to know exactly how it works or what it does. Steve Jobs has said its purpose is to allow Apple to retroactively disable an app that is malicious or objectionable in some way.
In the meantime, you do have some mobile Google Voice options:
The Wrap Up
The GV Mobile affair is yet another reminder that Apple has too much control over iTunes app developers, and wireless service providers in the U.S. have far too much power over us, their lowly subjects.
So what can you do about it? You could write your Washington representatives. You could sign up for pay-as-you-go mobile plans only, to regain some control. And you could jailbreak your iPhone, thereby diving into that cat-and-mouse game that's been going on since the first-generation Apple phone. I would never have done that, for reasons Geek Tech blogger David Murphy recently pointed out. But after what's happened with GV Mobile, for the first time, jailbreaking no longer seems like such a blatantly lawless act to me. In fact, it feels more like a small act of civil disobedience against forces that have too much control over what I can and can't do.
Keep on Clicking
Mobile Computing News, Reviews, & Tips
Apple iPhone vs. Palm Pre: The iPhone 3GS is faster and more refined than the Palm Pre. The iPhone has tons more apps and games. It works much better as an MP3 player. Oh, let's be honest: The iPhone walks on water. So why in tarnation does our Darren Gladstone prefer the Pre, after spending two weeks using both smartphones?
Toshiba Netbook Earns PCW Number-One Spot: Toshiba's maiden voyage into netbooks, the NB205-312, landed atop our Top 10 Netbooks chart. We gave the $US399 netbook a rating of 89, Very Good, for its amazing battery life, oversized touchpad, comfortable keyboard, and other attributes.
Your Notebook, Circa 2015: Ever wondered what a portable computer will look like in 6 years? Wonder no more by gazing at the solar laptop, a PC that can be placed on a steering wheel and project videoconferencing images on the windshield (!!), and other slightly futuristic portable computers.
Is there a particularly cool mobile computing product or service I've missed? Got a spare story idea in your back pocket? Tell me about it. However, I regret that I'm unable to respond to tech-support questions, due to the volume of e-mail I receive.
Contributing Editor James A. Martin offers tools, tips, and product recommendations to help you make the most of computing on the go. You can follow him on Twitter. Jim is also co-author of Getting Organized in the Google Era, to be published in March 2010. Sign up to have Mobile Computing e-mailed to you each week.

Source URL: http://www.goodgearguide.com.au/article/313882/google_voice_iphone_missing_action/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 32 ---
- — 17 August, 2010 10:38
Tite Kubo's Bleach
Manga Browser is exactly what its name implies: a manga browser. While this app is a fan favorite of those who love their manga, this application's Achilles' heel is its reliance on online databases that have an unfortunate habit of being taken down because of copyright laws. In its previous iteration, Manga Browser's collection included Onemanga.com and 1000manga.com; both of those sites were taken down. Currently, Manga Browser links to the collections of Mangafox.com, MangaStream, and MangaReader. While many fans are happy with the recent additions, abrupt closures of these sites can make this application unreliable and frustrating.
One would therefore hope that the user interface would make up for the unstable nature of this application. Instead, Manga Browser asks that you search each Website individually, thus complicating your search for favorite comics. Another problem involves the "Favorites" feature. The application has no page-bookmarking feature. Instead, it allows the reader to save a comic to their "favorites" page so that they can keep track of issue updates. The problem arises when Websites inevitably get shut down. I "Favorited" Bleach under the old 1000manga.com stream, but was forced to "re-Favorite" it again under MangaStream. This proved to be a bit annoying.
Some other features that seem be missing from this comic viewer are: a dedicated Home button to allow for easy navigation between comics and Manga streams, as well as an ability to zoom. That's right, folks -- you can't zoom. In the unfortunate event that an epic scene is taking place on the comic page before you, you will be unable to read the awesome utterances of your favorite heroes and villains.
Lest we forget, the manga experience is also heavily reliant on your Internet connection, meaning that you may be graced with ridiculous load times. But at least you can read from "right to left" for a classic Manga experience. That's worth something, right?
With a clunky UI, an unreliable Manga stream, and a lack of features that you'd expect on any comic viewer, the Manga Browser by Manga Browser leaves even the most low-maintenance Manga fans wanting more. If you enjoy Manga, skip this app. Download the comics directly to your Android phone and read them over the Droid Comic Viewer. You'll thank me later.

Source URL: http://www.goodgearguide.com.au/article/357221/manga_browser/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 33 ---
US 4147920 A
A welding torch assembly including a torch base, and a torch body which can be rapidly removed from the torch base and replaced without the use of tools, and without separately disconnecting welding current, coolant, or shielding gas lines.
1. Apparatus for removably supporting a welding torch, comprising:
base means having a torch receiving opening at least partially defined by a first surface;
said first surface being electrically conductive and being connectable to a source of welding current;
a welding torch including a support portion which fits within said torch receiving opening;
said support portion having an electrically conductive second surface which mates with and contacts said first surface;
said welding torch including electrode support means in electrically conductive relation with said second surface to receive said welding current; and
cam means operatively engaging said welding torch, when received within said torch receiving opening, and operative in response to rotation of said welding torch relative to said base means to retain said support portion within said torch receiving opening and to firmly seat said second surface against said first surface.
2. Apparatus as in claim 1, wherein:
said first and second surfaces comprise complementary truncated conic surfaces;
one of said surfaces having an opening connectable to receive a supply of fluid; and
the other of said surfaces having an annular fluid receiving channel which extends around the corresponding said conic surface for alignment with said fluid opening when said welding torch is retained in said base means.
The torch assembly T is seen in FIGS. 1 and 2, and includes a torch body 146 that is retained within the torch base 147 by a quick-disconnect attachment which enables the entire torch body to be rapidly removed from the torch base without the use of tools, and without disconnecting welding current, coolant, or shielding gas lines. The torch base 147 is mounted on the torch support 102, which forms part of the welding head assembly H1 mounted at the outer ends of a pair of support rods 100a, 100b which extend to any suitable welding torch mounting apparatus such as a movable carriage or the like. Additional details of one such apparatus are found in copending Application Ser. No. 654,975 filed Feb. 3, 1976. The torch base 147, which is connected to the torch support 102 by the bolt 148, has an internal opening 149 in the shape of a conic section, and the torch body 146 has an external conic portion 150 which mates with the internal opening in the torch base. The torch base 147 and the conic portion 150 of the torch body are made of a material, such as brass or the like, having good electrical and thermal conductivity, and preferably having good resistance to corrosion.
Internal passages 153 are provided within the torch base 147 for circulating a suitable cooling fluid such as water or the like. A gas passage 154 is connectable to receive a conventional arc shielding gas and extends through the torch base 147 to a port 155 on the surface of the internal opening 149. An annular channel 156 is formed in the conic portion 150 of the torch body 146, at a location thereon which mates with the port 155 when the torch body and the torch base are assembled as shown in FIG. 2. A gas passage 157 extends within the torch body 146 from the annular channel 156 to the space defined between the electrode passage 158 and the electrode 159 positioned therein, so that shielding gas entering the gas passage 154 can flow through the passage 157 and vents along the electrode 159 to form a gaseous arc shield at the torch end 160 in the conventional manner. The annular channel 156 enables the torch body 146 to be installed within the torch base 147 without regard to alignment of passages for the shielding gas.
A cylindrical lock ring 164 is affixed to the torch body 147 and has several cam slots 165 which are open as at 166 to the upper end of the lock ring. Four such cam slots 165 are provided in the lock ring 164 of the disclosed embodiment, and the torch body 146 has a corresponding number of cam fingers 167 which are received into the cam slots through the open portions 166. The fingers 167 extend radially outwardly from the lower end of the sleeve 168 which surrounds the electrode passage 158. A threaded connection is provided between the lock ring 164 and the torch base 147, so that the vertical position (as seen in FIG. 2) of the cam slots 165 can be adjusted as necessary to ensure that the conic portion 150 of the torch body 146 becomes firmly seated within the internal opening 149 of the torch base 147 before the cam fingers 167 reach the inner ends of the respective cam slots 165.
Secured to the upper end of the sleeve 168 is the ring 169, which preferably has a roughened external surface of sufficient diameter to be easily grasped and turned by a person wearing gloves or mittens. The ring 169 may be made of an insulating material such as phenolic, so that the ring can be held while inserting or removing the torch body 146 from the base 147 without exposure to welding voltage which is typically applied to the entire torch base.
An electrode adjusting knob 172, which may also be made of an insulating material, extends concentrically upwardly from the ring 169 and provides a threaded connection with the collet mechanism 173 which retains the electrode 159 within the passage 158 of the torch body. The electrode 159 is thus longitudinally movable relative to the torch end 160 by rotating the knob 172. Details of the collet mechanism 173 are conventional and need not be described further herein.
Since the entire torch body 146 is readily removable from the torch base 147 simply by a quarter-turn of the ring 169, without using any tools or disconnecting any connections to the torch body, on-site replacement of an electrode 159 can be made simply by substitution of an entire torch body 146. The removed torch body can then receive a new electrode in a repair shop, where the replacement electrode can be longitudinally pre-adjusted to a gauge corresponding to the position of a pipe joint J with respect to the torch base 147, while the torch assembly T continues operating with the substitute torch body, thereby minimizing the downtime of the torch assembly.
It will be understood that the foregoing relates only to a preferred embodiment of the present invention, and that numerous changes and modifications may be made therein without departing from the spirit and the scope of the invention as set forth in the following claims.
The foregoing and other objects and advantages of the present invention will become more readily apparent from the disclosed preferred embodiment as described below with respect to the drawings, in which:
FIG. 1 is a detailed pictorial view of a welding head assembly used in the disclosed embodiment;
FIG. 2 is section view of a welding torch assembly taken along line 2--2 of FIG. 1;
This invention relates in general to welding and in particular to welding torches of the kind used with automatic or mechanized arc-welding equipment employed for welding workpieces such as pipe joints or the like.
Transmission pipelines are frequently used to transport fluid products for substantial distances, with oil and gas transmission pipelines being but two well-known examples. Such pipelines are generally constructed of individual pipe sections that are joined together by welding, and it is important that each welded pipe joint meet the criteria necessary for safe operation of the pipeline. Not only is the detection and repair of defective joints an extremely expensive undertaking, particularly where the pipeline is buried underground or submerged beneath the sea, but the existence of a defective weld joint creates a hazard of catastrophe in the case of pipelines which carry flammable products.
The separate lengths of pipe which make up an oil or a gas transmission pipeline are typically interconnected by electric-arc welding, and many types of welding techniques are used or proposed in the art for that purpose. Perhaps the simplest welding technique is shielded metal arc welding, commonly known as "stick welding," in which one or more persons manually weld each joint using hand-held welding torches of conventional design. Since each welded joint of a typical pipeline actually consists of several separate weld segments or layers, known as "passes," manual welding techniques are time-consuming and costly in view of the large number of welded pipe joints to be welded in a pipeline extending for many miles. The relative slowness of manual and other conventional welding techniques is particularly troublesome in pipe laying operations where wages and equipment expenses provide a costly overhead which must be rationialized by maximizing the number of acceptable welds that can be produced per unit of time.
The speed at which a pipejoint can be welded is determined by the maximum rate at which the welding torch can deposit weld metal while traversing a pipe joint which is in a nonhorizontal plane. While gas metallic arc (MIG) welding torches generally have a relatively high rate of metal deposition, such torches generally produce welds that are nonuniform and difficult to repeatably obtain. Gas tungsten arc (TIG) welding torches are known to produce a pipe joint weld of superior and more repeatable quality, although the metal deposition rate for TIG welding torches is relatively slow. A development known as the hot-wire TIG torch, in which electric current is passed through the filler wire to preheat the filler wire which is melted in the weld puddle, is known to produce a substantially increased rate of metal deposition, relative to conventional TIG welding. The lack of sufficiently precise and repeatable weld parameter control of prior-art hot-wire TIG welding torches, however, along with the aforementioned problem of off-axis weld puddle control and related problems, have heretofore kept the metal-deposition rates of hot-wire TIG torches from being fully realized in pipeline welding applications. A description of hot-wire TIG welding is set forth in U.S. Pat. No. 3,122,629.
Since welding torches must be periodically reconditioned or repaired, it is desirable for such torches to be easily disconnectable from a movable carriage or other welding equipment. If the torch is repaired without being removed from the welding machine, use of the welding machine is lost for the duration of the repair time. If the torch is removed from the welding machine and replaced by a substitute torch, the welding current supply as well as conduits for coolant and shielding gas must also be disconnected from the old torch and reconnected to the replacement torch.
Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention to provide an improved welding torch and torch supporting apparatus.
It is another object of the present invention to provide a welding torch assembly in which the torch can be quickly disconnected and replaced without use of tools, and without connecting or disconnecting individual power or fluid lines.
Stated in general terms, the present invention comprises a base having an opening into which a torch can be quickly inserted or withdrawn, and further having an electrically conductive surface connectable to a source of weld current. The mating torch fits within the base opening, and has a mating current-conductive surface. Mating openings in the base and the torch communicate fluid flow to the torch.
This is a continuation, division, of application Ser. No. 654,975, filed Feb. 3, 1976.

Source URL: http://www.google.com.au/patents/US4147920
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 34 ---
US 4903326 A
A detachable battery pack with a built-in broadband antenna is disclosed. Since the antenna is wholly contained within the battery housing, it is protected from damage and is detachable from the transceiver when the battery is detached. A transmission line structure formed between the battery and the transceiver is used to create an open circuit near the antenna feed point.
1. A portable radiotelephone having improved decoupling of conductive surfaces of the radiotelephone and antenna such than little antenna efficiency is lost when the portable radiotelephone is held in a user's hand, comprising:
a transceiver portion further comprising a first conductive surface;
a battery portion, detachable from said transceiver portion and having a housing and a second conductive surface within said housing, said second conductive surface disposed opposite said first conductive surface when said battery portion is attached to said transceiver portion;
an antenna, coupled to said transceiver portion and disposed within said detachable battery portion housing; and
a transmission line formed by said first conductive surface, said second conductive surface, and said housing disposed between said first conductive surface and said second conductive surface, said transmission line further having a short circuit between said first conductive surface and said second conductive surface thereby improving decoupling of radiotelephone conductive surfaces and antenna.
2. A portable radiotelephone in accordance with claim 2 wherein said battery portion and said transceiver portion further comprise means for coupling together said first conductive surface and said second conductive surface at a first end of said transmission line when said transceiver portion and said battery portion are attached, thereby creating said short circuit at said first end.
3. A portable radiotelephone in accordance with claim 2 wherein said transmission line further comprises an open circuit at a second end and wherein said antenna is disposed within said detachable battery portion housing closer to said second end than said first end.
4. A portable radiotelephone in accordance with claim 2 wherein said transmission line further comprises a virtual short circuit between said first end and a second end of said transmission line.
5. A handheld radio having a detachable antenna and battery, and having improved decoupling of conductive surfaces of the handheld radio and antenna such that little antenna efficiency is lost when the handheld radio is held in a user's hand, the handheld radio comprising:
(a) a transceiver portion further comprising a first nonconductive housing and a conductive surface disposed within said first nonconductive housing;
(b) a battery portion, detachable from said transceiver portion, further comprising:
a second nonconductive housing having an inner surface,
at least one electrochemical battery cell disposed within said second nonconductive housing,
an antenna disposed within said second nonconductive housing, and
a conductive area disposed on at least part of said inner surface said second nonconductive housing; and
(c) a transmission line comprising:
said conductive surface of said transceiver portion as a first conductor,
said conductive area of said detachable battery portion as a second conductor and short circuited to said first conductor to improve decoupling of handheld radio conductive surfaces and antenna, and
at least part of said first and part of said second nonconductive housings, disposed between said first conductor and said second conductor when said battery portion is attached to said transceiver portion, as a dielectric of said transmission line.
6. A handheld radio in accordance with claim 5 further comprising at least one electrical contact through which said at least one electrochemical battery cell and said conductive area of said battery portion is connected to said conductive surface of said transceiver portion when said battery portion is attached to said transceiver portion.
7. A handheld radio in accordance with claim 6 wherein said battery portion and said transceiver portion each further comprise opposing first and second ends when said battery portion is attached to said transceiver portion and said electrical contact is disposed at said first end of said transceiver portion thereby producing said short circuit of said transmission line at said first ends of said battery portion and said transceiver portion.
8. A handheld radio in accordance with claim 7 wherein said transmission line further comprises an open circuit at said second ends of said battery portion and said transceiver portion.
9. A handheld radio in accordance with claim 8 wherein said battery portion further comprises said antenna disposed within said second nonconductive housing closer to said second end of said battery portion than to said first end of said battery portion.
10. A handheld radio in accordance with claim 7 wherein said transmission line further comprises a virtual short circuit between said first ends and said second ends of said battery portion and said transceiver portion.
This invention relates generally to small internal transceiver antennas and more particularly to a broadband antenna mounted within a detachable battery for a portable or handheld transceiver. This invention is related to U.S. patent application, No. 186,545, "Internally Mounted Broadband Antenna" filed on the same date as the present invention on behalf of Zakman and assigned to the same assignee as the present invention.
Portable transceivers generally utilize an external projecting antenna which is a convenient fraction of a wavelength in order to provide nearly optimum radiation of transmitter energy and reception of received energy. Such an external antenna, however, is subject to breakage or can make the portable transceiver awkward to handle. Therefore, some portable transceiver antennas have been made retractable and some antenna have been built into the portable transceiver. Antennas which have been located within the housing of the transceiver (an "internal antenna") have resolved the aforementioned problems but because of size limitations and positioning within the transceiver, have yielded a compromised performance over the external antenna. Improved performance has been realized in internal antennas as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,672,685, "Dual Band Antenna Having Separate Matched Inputs of Each Band" and in U.S. Pat. No. 4,723,305, "Dual Band Notch Antenna For Portable Radiotelephones".
It is, therefore, one object of the present invention to provide a miniaturized high efficiency duplex antenna contained within the housing configuration of a portable transceiver.
It is another object of the present invention to further incorporate the miniaturized antenna within a detachable battery housing of the portable transceiver.
It is a further object of the present invention to decouple the miniaturized antenna from the metal surfaces of the transceiver by creating a transmission line between the detachable battery and the transceiver which produces an open circuit at the antenna feed point.
Accordingly, these and other objects are realized in the present invention which encompasses a portable radiotelephone which has a detachable battery portion containing an antenna coupled to the portable radiotelephone transceiver. Since the battery contains the antenna within its housing, the antenna is detached from the transceiver when the battery is detached from the transceiver. A transmission line formed by a conductive surface of the transceiver, a conductive surface within the battery housing, and the housing itself reduce antenna efficiency losses when the portable radiotelephone is held in the user's hand.
FIG. 1 is an isometric view of a portable radiotelephone which may employ the present invention.
FIG. 2 is a view of the rear of the radiotelephone of FIG. 1 in the battery portion has been detached.
FIG. 3 is an exploded view of the battery portion which is detach from the radiotelephone of FIG. 1.
FIG. 4 is a diagram of the portable radiotelephone of FIG. 1 illustrating the electrical relationships of the battery portion to the transceiver portion of the present invention.
FIG. 5 is a simplified diagram of a miniaturized, internally mounted broadband antenna which may employ the present invention.
FIG. 6 is a schematic representation of the simplified of FIG. 5.
FIG. 7 is a diagram of a miniaturized, internally mounted broadband antenna which may employ the present invention.
FIG. 8 is a frequency versus return loss graph of an antenna employing the present invention.
FIG. 9 is a schematic representation of an antenna and its associated reactive ground coupling which may be employed in the present invention.
A hand-held transceiver such as that shown in FIG. 1 is a portable radiotelephone transceiver 100 which may beneficially employ the present invention. Such a transceiver may be similar to that described in Instruction Manual 68P81071E55 "Dyna T*A*C* Cellular Portable Telephone" available from Motorola, Inc. Technical Writing Services, 1301 E. Algonquin Rd., Schaumburg, Ill. A cellular portable radiotelephone of this nature generally is equipped with an external antenna to enable radio transmission and reception. This antenna typically can be unscrewed and removed from a connector on the top surface of the radio telephone transceiver 100.
Portable cellular telephones also generally have a detachable battery portion 102 so that a freshly charged battery may be attached to the portable telephone transceiver 100 while a discharged battery can be placed into an external charger (not shown) for recharging. Additionally, a portable transceiver similar to that of FIG. 1 may be connected to an appropriate mating part in a vehicle (when the battery portion 102 is detached) to obtain power from the vehicle and to make use of a vehicularly mounted antenna. To do so requires that there be connections for both external power and antenna within the transceiver 100. Such connections are shown in FIG. 2.
A rear elevation view of the portable transceiver 100 of FIG. 1 is shown in FIG. 2 with the battery portion 102 detached from the transceiver 100. In. FIG. 2 the removable antenna has been removed, exposing the external antenna connector 203. In this view with the battery portion 102 removed, power connectors 205 and 207, internal antenna connector 209, and control connector 211 are exposed.
The battery portion 102, removed from the transceiver 100, is shown in FIG. 3 (with the outer surface cover separated from the rest of the battery portion). In the preferred embodiment, the battery comprises six electrochemical battery cells 301 (which may be connected in conventional form to provide power for the radio transceiver 100). Additionally, the battery cells 301 are enclosed in a part of a housing compartment 302 which may be constructed of plastic or similar non-conductive material having low dielectric loss which, in turn, may be partially covered with a conductive material on its inner surfaces. The remaining part of the battery housing may be dedicated to an antenna area 303 located in the top part of the battery portion 102 in the preferred embodiment. The metallization of the inner surfaces of the battery housing surrounding antenna portion 303 is electrically common with the metallization of the housing enclosing the battery cells 301 in the preferred embodiment. Additional metallization on the outer surface cover is not shown but may be utilized in the present invention.
One important aspect of the present invention is the decoupling of the grounded surfaces of the transceiver 100 and the antenna. A simplified representation of the ground portion of the transceiver 100 and the battery portion 102 is shown in the diagram of FIG. 4. An effective ground is realized at the bottom end of the transceiver 100 and the battery portion 102 where the negative terminal 205 of the transceiver connects to battery cells 301'. A connection between the metallized part 403 of the battery portion 102 and the conductive part 405 of the transceiver 100 is made at this ground point.
Between the battery portion metallized part 403 and the transceiver conductive part 405 there exists the plastic housing material 409 of the battery portion 102 and the plastic housing material 411 of the transceiver 100. There is also an air gap 413 at least between the plastic material 409 and the plastic material 411. This structure can be considered a transmission line at the frequency of operation of the transceiver, in which the plastic materials 409 and 411 and the air gap 413 form the composite dielectric between two conductive planes (formed by metallized part 403 and conductive part 405). In the preferred embodiment, where the dielectric constant of the plastic is ε.sub.r1 =2.4, the effective length of the "transmission line" is determined by the physical wavelength (λ.sub.g) at the frequency of operation (800-900 MHz) in the composite dielectric: ##EQU1## where d.sub.2 is the thickness of air gap 413, d.sub.1 is the thickness of material 409, and d.sub.3 is the thickness of material 411. Therefore, λ.sub.g /2=12.55 cm. In a transceiver having a total length of approximately 19 cm, this places a virtual short circuit at approximately the top part of the battery cell compartment 302 and an open circuit at the top of the antenna area 303. Since this "transmission line" is loaded with the plastic dielectric, the electric fields are localized between the two conductors and little energy is radiated from it. Hence not much antenna efficiency is lost when the transceiver/battery combination is held in the hand.
The effective open circuit of the "transmission line" close to the antenna area 303 enables the utilization of a reactive ground antenna feed. The antenna of the preferred embodiment, then, is a reactive ground feed, two coupled resonators, foreshortened quarterwave microstrip antenna with air dielectric and deformed ground plane. This unique antenna and ground configuration produces an omnidirectional radiation pattern. In the preferred embodiment of a hand-held radiotelephone operating between 800 and 900 MHz, a physically small antenna size is realized for a given return loss bandwidth.
A simplified version of the unique antenna of the present invention is described first in association with the physical representation of FIG. 5 and its equivalent circuit diagram of FIG. 6. A conductive surface 501 in FIG. 5 has two structures 503 and 505 suspended above the conductive surface 501. Structure 503 and structure 505 have different dimensions and, in combination with surface 501, form two microstrip transmission line resonators which are resonant at two separate frequencies. (In the preferred embodiment, the frequencies are 826 MHz and 904 MHz with a total 2:1 VSWR bandwidth of 100 MHz). Structure 503 is connected to surface 501 by means of a tab 507. Likewise, structure 505 is connected to surface 501 by means of a tab 509. At the frequencies of interest, tabs 507 and 509 may be modeled as series inductances.
Essentially between structures 503 and 505, a non-conductive notch 511 is cut in surface 501. It is well known that interruptions of predetermined dimensions in otherwise conductive surfaces will produce reactances to radio frequency signals and can be used as transmission lines. In the antenna of the present invention, a signal source 513 (having an internal resistance 515 and a feedline inductance 517) is connected to appropriate two-point connection points 519 and 521 on either side of notch 511. In general, there is a distance represented by a between connection point 519 and the edge of conductive surface 501 and a distance represented by a' between connection point 521 and the edge of conductive surface 501. There is also a distance (d+d') defining a path on conductive surface 501 between connection point 519 and 521 and notch end 522. There is another pair of distances (b and b') which define a path on surface 501 between the open end of notch 511 and the area of electrical connection of tab 507 and 509, respectively, to surface 501. Each pair of these distances can be analyzed as a transmission line.
Thus, a reactive ground feed for the antenna of the present invention can be defined by paths a→a', b→b', and d→d'. The antenna itself consists of the open circuit structures 503 and 505 which have paths c and c' respectively. These paths represent transmission line dimensions between the structures 503 and 505 and the conductive surface 501 which radiate as antennas. (It should be noted that an antenna is a reciprocal device which can transmit energy or receive energy. The term radiation, while implying transmission of energy by electromagnetic radiation, should also imply the capability of reciprocally receiving energy from electromagnetic radiation). The structures 503 and 505 also create a transmission line between themselves which may radiate at a frequency determined by the dimensions of the structures 503, 505 and the reactive notch length. In the preferred embodiment, this frequency is substantially below the two frequencies of interest; therefore, the interstructure 503-505 transmission line merely presents an effective impedance to the antenna.
The structures 503 and 505 may be capacitively loaded to the conductive surface 501 (as represented by capacitor 523 and capacitor 525, respectively). The primary focus of radiation from each resonator occurs a these capacitors. A capacitance 527 is also created between structures 503 and 505. Capacitor 527 is reflected back to the input of each structure as a shunt impedance.
Referring now to FIG. 6, the equivalent circuit for the physical structures of FIG. 5 can be related. Signal source 513 and its associated internal resistance feed a transmission line which is connected via series inductance 517 to connection points 519 and 521. Paths a→a' and b→b' may be modeled as sections of transmission lines as shown. Path d→d' is modeled as a shorted transmission line, which has the effect of placing a shunt inductance across feed connection points 519, 521. Structure 503 is connected to the connection point 519 via inductance 507 and paths b and a and is modeled as a radiating transmission line 601 formed between dimension c and the conductive surface 501. Similarly, structure 505 is connected to connection point 521 via inductance 509 and paths b' and a' and is modeled as a radiating transmission line 603 formed between dimension c' and the conductive surface 501. (Radiation resistance is shown as resistors 609 and 611). The transmission line between structures 501 and 503 is modeled as transmission line 607 between dimensions c and c' and terminating in capacitance 527.
The implementation of the antenna of the present invention in a cellular portable telephone battery is shown in the exploded view of FIG. 7. The conductive surface corresponding to conductive surface 501 is the deformed ground plate bracket 701, fabricated from high conductivity sheet metal which is contoured to the inner surface of the battery portion 102. This bracket 701 is roughly "L" shaped with a foot portion 703 and a leg portion 705. The leg portion 705 has a notch 711 which corresponds to the notch 511 of the simplified conductive surface 501. Tabs 707 and 709, which connect between the reactive ground feed and the resonant structures, are elevated portions of the bracket 701 and correspond to tabs 507 and 509 of the simplified version of FIG. 5.
A coaxial cable 710 is attached at one end to opposite sides of the notch 711 and connected, at the other end, to a coaxial connector 713 which mates with connector 209 of transceiver 100. This coaxial connection provides antenna input to the receiver of transceiver 100 and antenna output of the transmitter of transceiver 100. The coaxial cable 710 center conductor forms an inductor portion 717 (corresponding to inductor 517 of the model) which is connected to one side of notch 711 at connection point 719. The shielded portion of coaxial cable 710 is connected to the opposite side of notch 711 at connection point 721. In this fashion, the reactive ground feed of the present invention is realized in the battery portion of a portable transceiver.
The realization of structures 503 and 505 of FIG. 5 in the preferred embodiment is achieved as copper foil traces on a single sided glass epoxy printed circuit board 731. A copper foil trace 733 (corresponding to structure 503) is constructed so that it will be resonant at the transmit frequency band. (In the preferred embodiment, the transmit frequency band is approximately between 820 MHz and 845 MHz. The copper foil trace, therefore, is 4.2 cm. long, 0.9 cm. wide, and 0.05 mm. thick on FR4 material). A second copper foil trace 735 (corresponding to structure 505) is constructed so that it will be resonant at the receive frequency band. (In the preferred embodiment the receive frequency band is approximately between 870 MHz and 895 MHz. The copper foil trace is 4.2 cm. long, 0.9 cm. wide, and 0.05 mm thick). At the open circuit end of the traces 733 and 735, conductive end flaps 737 and 739, respectively, are coupled to the traces and provide capacitive loading between the open circuit end of traces 733 and 735 and the grounded foot 703 of bracket 701. In this way, the capacitors 523 and 525 are realized. Radiation of the antenna is produced by the displacement current in one or the other capacitor 523 or 525 thereby providing polarization orthogonal to the gap. Thus, the radiation pattern of the antenna of the present invention is similar to that of a single resonator quarter wave antenna with a loading gap capacitor.
It is possible to adjust the antenna for minimum return loss by sliding end flaps 737 and 739 along the associated copper foil traces prior to the securing of the end flaps 737 and 739 to the traces during assembly. The lower frequency resonator 733 is loaded with an inductive notch 741 to make the gap between the end flaps 737 and 739 and the foot 703 essentially equal. In so doing, the radiation characteristics of each resonant foil trace are made similar. The spacing between the two foils 733 and 735, the thickness of the circuit board 731, and the spacing of the battery portion plastic cover determine the coupling between the resonators and thereby determine the minimum return loss between the return loss maxima 801 and 803 in FIG. 8. Since there is an optimum trace coupling and feed coax location combination for the widest return loss bandwidth, the best compromise thickness of the circuit board is between 0.05 and 0.1 cm.
The lower portion of the battery housing forms the antenna ground configuration. The construction of the unique combined antenna and battery can be apprehended from FIG. 3. In this view, the conductive metallization of the battery portion 102 is shown as a conductive strip 1001 extending the length of the battery compartment. In the preferred embodiment, this conductive strip 1001 is made of a thin copper strip adhesively attached to the battery cells 301. The conductive strip is connected to the foot 703 of the bracket 701 via a metallized portion of plastic 1003.
The ground configuration of the present invention is modeled in the diagram of FIG. 9. As described previously, a gap between the transceiver 100 and the battery portion 102 form a transmission line resulting in a virtual short circuit at or near the top of the battery compartment. This virtual short circuit is modeled as a short circuit 901 across a transmission line 903. Transmission line 903 is that which is formed between the transceiver conductive part 405 and the battery portion metallized part 403. For purposes of analysis, the battery portion metallized part 403 includes the deformed ground plate bracket 701 up to but not including the portions on either side of the notch 711. The portions on either side of the notch 711 form two separate transmission lines 905 and 907 which independently decouple the feed points 719 and 721 (519 and 521 in the model) from the transceiver conductive part 405.
In summary, then, a combined battery and antenna for a portable radiotelephone has been shown and described. Since the antenna is wholly contained within the housing of the battery, it is protected from damage and is detached from the transceiver when the battery is detached. Further, since the metallization of the battery housing is separated from the conductive chassis of the transceiver by the nonconductive housings of the battery and transceiver, a transmission line may be created. This transmission line is short circuited at the battery contacts to the transceiver thus producing an open circuit near the antenna feed point at the top of the portable radiotelephone and a virtual short circuit near the capacitive loading of the antenna resonators. Therefore, while a particular embodiment of the invention has been shown and described, it should be understood that the invention is not limited thereto since modifications unrelated to the true spirit and scope of the invention may be made by those skilled in the art. It is therefore contemplated to cover the present invention and any and all such modifications by the claims of the present invention.

Source URL: http://www.google.com.au/patents/US4903326
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 35 ---
US 6855489 B1
Systems and methods treat plasma carrying contaminants and cellular matter that are capable of entraining contaminants. The systems and methods separate cellular matter from the plasma by filtration, thereby removing contaminants entrained within the cellular matter. The system and methods add to the plasma a photoactive material. The systems and methods emit radiation at a selected wavelength into the plasma to activate the photoactive material and thereby eradicate the contaminant that is free of entrainment by cellular matter.
1. A kit comprising
tubing adapted to be coupled to a blood constituent source to convey blood constituent,
a source of photoactive material to be mixed with the blood constituent,
a transfer container coupled to the tubing, the transfer container including a wall made of a material that is transparent to light that activates the photoactive material, and
a removable overwrap separate from the wall of the container, the overwrap enveloping the source of photoactive material within the kit said overwrap including a light filtering material that is not transparent to light in the activating spectrum for said photoactive material thereby preventing degradation of the photoactive material prior to removal of the overwrap.
2. A kit according to
wherein the photoactive material includes methylene blue.
3. A kit according to
wherein the light filtering material includes a blue material.
4. A kit according to
wherein the blue material includes phtalocyanine pigments.
5. A kit according to
wherein the photoactive material includes psoralen.
6. A kit according to
wherein the light filtering material includes a red material.
7. A kit according to
wherein the overwrap envelops the entire kit.
8. A kit according to
wherein the tubing includes a first filtration media to separate a first cellular blood species from the blood constituent conveyed from the blood constituent source, and
wherein the tubing also includes a second filtration media in series with the first filtration media to second cellular blood species from the blood constituent conveyed from the blood constituent source, to thereby produce a filtered blood constituent that is essentially free of the first and second cellular blood species.
This application is a division of application Ser. No. 08/742,572 filed Oct. 28, 1996 now U.S. Pat. No. 6,190,855.
The invention generally relates to the eradication of contaminants using photodynamic therapy. The invention also generally relates to the processing of whole blood and its components for storage and transfusion. In a more specific sense, the invention relates to the extracorporeal treatment of collected whole blood and its components with photoactive materials to eradicate viruses and other pathogenic contaminants.
With the coming of blood component therapy, most whole blood collected today is separated into its clinically proven components for storage and administration. The clinically proven components of whole blood include red blood cells, used to treat chronic anemia; platelet-poor plasma, from which Clotting Factor VIII-rich cryoprecipitate can be obtained for the treatment of hemophilia; and concentrations of platelets, used to control thrombocytopenic bleeding.
It is well known that blood can carry infectious agents like hepatitis-B virus; the human immunodeficiency (AIDS) virus; the Herpes virus; and the influenza virus. To avoid the transmission of these infectious agents during blood transfusions, donors of blood are routinely screened and also undergo serologic testing to detect the presence of these agents. Still, it is difficult to always assure that these infectious agents are detected.
The use of photodynamic therapy has been suggested as a way to eradicate infectious agents from collected blood and its components. Still, there has been a general lack of success in economically adapting the benefits of photodynamic therapy to the demands of the blood banking industry. One reason for this is that not all biological contaminants are carried free within the blood where they can be readily coupled to photoactive agents. Some biological contaminants are entrained on or within white blood cells out of the reach of photoactive agents.
For this and other reasons, the promise of photodynamic therapy in treating the nation's banked blood supply has gone largely unfulfilled.
The invention provides improved systems and methods for treating blood constituents to adventitious viral agents.
One aspect of the invention provides systems and methods which remove viral agents from plasma. The systems and methods remove from the plasma targeted cellular matter that does or might entrain viral agents. In a preferred embodiment, the targeted cellular matter includes leukocytes. The system and methods add to the plasma a photoactive material, which binds to viral agents that are free of entrainment by the targeted cellular matter. Radiation emitted at a selected wavelength into the plasma activates the photoactive material and thereby eradicates the free viral agents.
In a preferred embodiment, a system for treating plasma comprises tubing adapted to be coupled a plasma source, and a filter in the tubing to separate cellular matter from the plasma conveyed from the source. The system includes a transfer container coupled to the tubing to receive cellular matter-reduced plasma from the filter, and a source of photoactive material to be mixed with the plasma. In this embodiment, the tubing includes a path to vent air from the transfer container in a path that bypasses the filter.
In a preferred embodiment, systems and methods remove viral agents entrained within the cellular matter by conveying plasma in a first path through a filter. The systems and methods convey the cellular matter-reduced plasma from the filter in a second path, which includes a connected transfer container. The systems and methods mix the cellular matter-reduced plasma with a photoactive material within the transfer container, forming a plasma mixture.
In this embodiment, the systems and methods convey a portion of the plasma mixture from the transfer container in a flush path, which includes the second path, to thereby expose residual contaminants in the second path to the photoactive material. The systems and methods then separate the transfer container from the filter by severing the second path. After severance from the filter, a remnant of the second path remains attached to the transfer container. However, due to the prior flushing step, all contaminants in the attached second path remnant have been exposed to the photoactive material. Subsequent radiation of the transfer container thereby eradicates contaminants, which are free of entrainment by cellular matter, both within the transfer container and the attached second path remnant.
In a preferred embodiment, the flush path by passes the filter and also provides a path to vent air from the transfer container.
Another aspect of the invention provides systems and methods for treating plasma using multistage filtration, which targets for removal different species of cellular matter. The systems and methods separate a first species of cellular matter by filtration through a first filter media, thereby removing contaminants entrained within the first species of cellular matter. The systems and methods separating a second species of cellular matter by filtration through a second filter media, thereby removing contaminants entrained within the second species of cellular matter. The systems and methods add to the plasma a photoactive material and emit radiation at a selected wavelength into the plasma to activate the photoactive material, thereby eradicating the contaminant that is free of entrainment by cellular matter. In a preferred embodiment, the first filtration media targets leukocytes for removal, while the second filtration media targets platelets for removal.
Another aspect of the invention provides a kit that envelopes photoactive material in an overwrap that includes a light filtering material. The light filtering material absorbs light that activates the photoactive material. The presence of the light filtering material in the overwrap protects the photoactive material from photo-degradation due to absorption of ambient light during handling and storage prior to use.
In a preferred embodiment, the photoactive material within the kit includes methylene blue. In this embodiment, the light filtering material includes a blue material having phtalocyanine pigments.
In a preferred embodiment, the photoactive material is contained in liquid form within the kit. In this embodiment, the overwrap also includes material that reduces liquid vapor loss from the kit.
Other features and advantages of the invention will be pointed out in, or will be apparent from, the drawings, specification and claims that follow.
The invention is not limited to the details of the construction and the arrangements of parts set forth in the following description or shown in the drawings. The invention can be practiced in other embodiments and in various other ways. The terminology and phrases are used for description and should not be regarded as limiting.
The kit 300 includes a processing and storage container 302, which carries an integrally attached length of flexible transfer tubing 304. In the illustrated embodiment, the transfer tubing 304 is made from medical grade plasticized polyvinyl chloride plastic. However, other flexible medical grade plastic materials can be used.
The transfer tubing 304 includes an integrally attached in-line filter 306. The filter 306 includes a filter media 307 (see
The pore size of the filter media 307 can be tailored to remove by exclusion all or some species of cellular matter found in plasma, depending upon the extent to which viral agents sought to be eliminated are entrained by the different cellular species. In the illustrated embodiment, the principal cellular species targets of the filter 306 are leukocytes, for it is known that leukocytes entrain many viral agents. With this objective in mind, the filter media 307 comprises a non-fibrous membrane having a pore size smaller than the size of leukocytes, to thereby remove leukocytes by exclusion. In the illustrated embodiment, the media 307 also includes a prefilter material, which removes fibrin clots and other large size aggregates from the plasma.
The composition of the membrane for the media 307 can vary. For examples, hydrophilic membranes made from nylon, acrylic copolymers, polysulfone, polyvinylidene fluoride, mixed cellulose esters, and cellulose ester can be used to remove leukocytes by exclusion. Non-hydrophilic membranes can also be treated to serve as a membrane for the filter media 307. Likewise, the composition of the prefilter for the media 307 can vary. For example, the prefilter can comprise fibers of glass or polyester. Material selection takes into account customer preferences, performance objectives, and manufacturing requirements, including sterilization techniques.
In the illustrated and preferred embodiment, (see FIG. 5), the filter media 307 includes three filter media layers 342, 344, and 346. The first filter media layer 342 comprises USP Grade VI glass fiber or the equivalent. The second and third filter media layers 344 and 346 comprise polyethersulfone (PES) membranes, which remove leukocytes by exclusion. The second and third filter media layers 344 and 346 possess pore sizes which are approximately 10 fold smaller than the size of leukocytes and which decrease in the direction of flow. The second filter media layer 344 has a pore size in the range of about 0.9 μm to about 2.0 μm, with an average pore size of about 1.2 μm. The third filter media layer 346 has a smaller pore size in the range of about 0.3 μm to about 1.5 μm, with an average pores size of about 0.8 μm. The second and third filter media layers 344 and 346 also incidently remove red blood cells by exclusion.
The filter media 307 should preferably be capable of filtering 310 ml of plasma, suspended at a head height of 3 feet, in 20 minutes.
The housing part 348A includes an inlet 350, which, in use, conveys plasma and leukocytes into contact with the prefilter layer 342. The axis 351 of the inlet 350 is generally parallel to the plane of the layer 342 to uniformly perfuse plasma across the entire prefilter layer 342.
The housing part 348B includes an outlet 352, which conveys leukocyte-reduced plasma from the second and third PES filter layers 344 and 346. As
Referring back to
The far end of the transfer tubing 304 carries an air pillow 310. The air pillow 310 prevents collapse of the tubing 304 and 308 caused by pressure differentials during steam sterilization of the kit 300.
The transfer tubing 304 further includes a conventional in-line frangible cannula 312 between the filter outlet 352 and the processing and storage container 302. The cannula 312 normally closes fluid the transfer tubing 304 to fluid flow.
The cannula 312 can be constructed in various ways. U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,181,140 and 4,294,247 disclose representative constructions for the cannula 312, which are incorporated herein by reference. Alternatively, an external roller clamp or C-clamp of conventional construction could be used for the same purpose.
The branch tubing 308 includes a conventional in-line one-way valve 314. The valve 314 prevents fluid flow through the branch tubing 308 in the direction of the processing and storage container 302, while permitting fluid flow in the opposite direction away from the processing and storage container 302. For redundancy, the branch tubing 308 also includes an external roller clamp or C-clamp 328. The C-clamp 318 normally closes the tubing 308 between the one-way valve 314 and the processing and storage container 302.
The processing and storage container 302 can be constructed in various ways. In the illustrated and preferred embodiment, the container 302 includes an interior chamber 320. The transfer tubing 304 communicates with the chamber 320 for conveying plasma into the chamber 320. In a preferred implementation, the chamber 320 is capable of holding between 235 to 310 mL of plasma. A normally sealed outlet port 360 also communicates with the chamber 320. The port 360 is opened when it is time to remove plasma from the chamber 320.
The chamber 320 holds a photoactive material 326. The photoactive material 326 mixes with the plasma introduced into the chamber 320. The photoactive material 320 binds to extracellular viruses that plasma introduced into the chamber 326 may carry. When exposed to light energy in a particular spectrum, the photoactive material 326 inactivates the nucleic acids of the bound viruses, rendering them nonviable.
In the illustrated and preferred embodiment, the photoactive material 326 comprises 10 mL of liquid solution containing 83 micrograms of methylene blue in water at pH 3.1, without buffers or other additives. Methylene blue, a thiazine dye, possesses the ability to bind to nucleic acids with high affinity, targeting the viruses for destruction upon exposure to a particular spectrum of light energy. Methylene blue absorbs light in the 660 nm region of the visible spectrum, which is the spectrum region where plasma is most transparent. Methylene blue inactivates a broad range of viruses, such as HIV, human hepatitis B (HBV), human hepatitis C(HCV), and Parvo virus B19, with minimal loss of therapeutic plasma proteins.
The mixture of plasma and photoactive material 326 is irradiation by light within the chamber 320 as part of a viral inactivation process. The container 302 is therefore made of a material that is substantially transparent to the applied light energy. The material for the container 302 is also adapted to withstand contemplated storage conditions for the plasma.
In the illustrated and preferred embodiment, the applied light energy is in the white light spectrum (400 to 700 nm). The container 302 is therefore made of a plastic, poly(ethylene vinyl acetate) material. This material is transparent to white light and is also resistant to the cold temperatures at which frozen plasma is stored. This material is commercially available and is made and sold, for example, by Baxter Healthcare Corporation under the trademark PL-732® Plastic.
The container 302 also includes a flap 322, which extends below the chamber 320. The flap 322 carries a printed label 324 having identifying indicia. The flap 322 keeps the label 324 away from the chamber 320, where it could block or impede the irradiating light.
The container 302 also serves after the viral inactivation process to store the viral inactivated plasma at temperatures below −30° C., following standard blood banking procedures.
Further details of container 302 are found in copending U.S. patent application Ser. No. 08/121,820, filed Sep. 15, 1993, and entitled “Container for Irradiation of Blood Products.”
To minimize evaporation of the liquid photoactive material 326 from the container 302 prior to use, the envelope 328 includes a material 332 possessing a relatively low water vapor transmission rate (WVTR). In the illustrated and preferred embodiment, the targeted WVTR is about 0.020 g−1 at 25° C. and 60% relative humidity.
The particular composition of the water vapor barrier material 332 can vary. In the illustrated and preferred embodiment, the water vapor barrier material 332 comprises an oriented polypropylene material having a thickness of 25 μm.
To prevent degradation of the photoactive material 326 prior to use, the envelope also includes a light filtering material 330 possessing the ability to absorb ambient light energy in the spectrum that activates the photoactive material 326. It has been discovered that, during storage and handling prior to use, the photoactive material 326 absorbs from ambient visible light (400 nm to 700 nm) the spectrum that initiates photoactivation. The incidental absorption of ambient visible light by photoactive material 326 initiates a photoreduction process, creating byproducts that are either partially or completely ineffective for viral inactivation.
For example, exposure of methylene blue to visible ambient light (whose emission spectrum includes the 660 nm region) converts the methylene blue into colorless leucomethylene blue. The leucomethylene blue photoreduction byproduct is not effective in inactivating viruses.
The particular composition of the light filtering material 330 will vary according to the light sensitivity spectrum of the particular photoactive material 326 used. In the illustrated and preferred embodiment, the light filtering material 330 comprises a blue die of phtalocyanine pigments. The blue die material 326 transmits not more than 1% of light in the range of 600 nm to 700 nm, which is the spectrum in which methylene blue is activated.
Each laminated sheet S1 and S2 also preferably includes as another exterior layer a material 334 that flows in response to heat. The presence of the material 334 makes it possible to heat seal the two sheets S1 and S2 together, forming the envelope 328.
The particular composition of the heat flowing material 334 can vary. In the illustrated and preferred embodiment, the material 334 comprises a cast polypropylene material having a thickness of about 25 μm. The heat flowing material 334 can be attached to the layer 332, for example, by a polyurethane-polyester resin-epoxy.
Laminated sheets S1 and S2 as described, with the layers 330, 332, and 334 and suited for use as the overwrap envelope 328, can be purchased from Hosokawa Yoko Co., LTD. (Japan). The sheet material from this company has a weight of 50 g/m2 and density 1.0 g/cm3.
The envelope 328 is created by laying the sheets S1 and S2 of the overwrap laminate together (as
Despite the presence of the light filtering material 330, the overwrap envelope 328 as above described nevertheless retains sufficient transparency to other visible light spectrums to allow visual inspection of the contents of the overwrap envelope 328, for quality control or customer inspection purposes.
The overwrap envelope 328, including an appropriate light filtering material 330 as just described, can be used in association with other containers or in other systems which hold liquids or other materials sensitive to ambient light degradation. For example, photoactive materials 326 activated in different spectrum regions will require accordingly different light filtering material 330, For example, 4′-(4-Amino-2-oxa)butyl-4,5′8-trimethylpsoralen (S-59) is a photoactive material usable in conjunction with platelet-containing blood suspensions. S-59 is activated by ultraviolet-A light and can undergo intramolecular reactions when exposed to ambient UV-A and short wavelength regions of visible light. To protect against such degradation of S-59 material, the light filtering material 330 can comprise a UV-A absorbent red die.
For another example, as
The overwrap envelope 328 (or 364 in the
Known sterile connection mechanisms (not shown) like that shown in Spencer U.S. Pat. No. 4,412,835 can be used for connecting the container 338 to the transfer tubing 304. These mechanisms form a molten seal between tubing ends, which, once cooled, forms a sterile weld 340. The air pillow 310 is discarded after sterile connection between the source container 338 and the transfer tubing 304 is made.
It has been observed that the triple layer membrane filter 306 described above provides plasma having a leukocyte level that is below the limit of flow cytometer detection (i.e., less than about one leukocyte per μL). The actual residual level of leukocytes in the plasma after filtration by the filter 306 is estimated not to exceed an average theoretical level of 0.004 leukocyte per μL. Based upon an initial leukocyte level of 0.79×108 per L, the leukocyte reduction percentage of the filter 306 is estimated to be about 99.99% (log reduction≧4.0).
The methylene blue photoactive material 326 is mixed with the leukocyte-reduced plasma within the container 302 by manual inversion.
After air venting and flushing, as just described, the tubing 305 next to the container 302 is sealed closed using, for example, a dielectric tube sealer. As
The container 302 holding the methylene blue and leukocyte-reduced plasma, and carrying a remnant of the tubing section 305, is placed into a white light chamber 356 (see FIG. 9). The chamber 356 comprises twelve fluorescent lamps 358, which supply output in the visible range (400 to 700 nm) to both sides of the container 302. The chamber 356 monitors the light intensity adjusts exposure time to control total light dosage delivered to the container 306. The light activates the methylene blue to release singlet oxygen, which inactivates viruses in the plasma. The approximate time of illumination to deliver a targeted dose of 3.3 J per cm3 is 30 minutes. Further details of a light chamber can be found in Wolf et al. U.S. Pat. No. 5,290,221 and Bischof et al. U.S. Pat. No. 5,300,019.
After the illumination step, the leukocyte-reduced plasma is frozen within the container 302 at less than −30° C. for storage using conventional blood bank practices. The plasma within the container 302 is thawed when fractionation or transfusion is required.
In the illustrated embodiment (see FIG. 1), the kit 300 includes written instructions 374 for using the kit for its intended purpose. The instructions 374 direct the technician to handle the kit in a prescribed way to best accomplish the desired therapeutic objectives, as set forth in the preceding description and shown in
The instructions 374 may take various forms. Representative instructions 374 direct the technician, upon removal of the overwrap 328, to convey plasma through the tubing 304 from the source 338 through the filter 306 to separate leukocytes from the plasma. The representative instructions 374 also direct the technician to convey leukocyte-reduced plasma through the tubing 304 from the filter 306 to the transfer container 302. The representative instructions 374 also instruct the technician to mix the photoactivated material 326 with the plasma and to expose leukocyte-reduced plasma mixed with the photoactive material 326 to light that activates the photoactive material 326. The representative instructions 374 also direct the technician to store the plasma in the container 302 after the photoactivation process.
The instructions 374 can, of course, include further details based upon the particular configuration of the kit 300. For example, in the context of the kit 300 shown in
A study was conducted to demonstrate the ability of the kit 300 when used in accordance with the instructions 374 to inactivate viruses under intended use conditions. In the study, a maximum plasma volume of 310 mL was employed to provide the lowest concentration of methylene blue and the greatest fluid thickness to be illuminated. In addition, the nominal targeted light dose of 33 J/cm2 was reduced to 24 or 30 J/cm2 to further stress the study conditions.
Plasma was collected from CPD anticoagulated whole blood units following routine blood bank procedures, yielding plasma that is essentially free of red blood cells. The plasma was not frozen prior to treatment during the study.
A panel of viruses was selected to represent the most significant agents that can contaminate fresh frozen plasma and to represent a broad spectrum of physical/chemical forms of viruses (i.e., lipid enveloped and non-lipid enveloped RNA and DNA viruses, as well as intra-cellular viruses). The panel included the following viruses: BVDV (strain Singer); HIV Type 1 (HIV-1, strain III8); human herpes simplex virus Type 1 (HSV-1, strain MacIntyre); pseudorabies virus (PRV, strain Aujeszky); simian virus Type 40 (SV-40, strain Pa-57); duck hepatitis B DHBV; and cell associated HIV (H-9/HIV, HIV III8 chronically infected H-9 cells).
These viruses were added to units of plasma before treatment in physiologically representative concentrations. A process control comprising an aliquot of virus-spiked plasma, was collected from each unit prior to processing in the kit 300. The process control served as the baseline value for the calculation of the virus load reduction, called the log reduction value (LRV). LRV represents either (i) the difference in log virus titers between the process control and the processed sample, or (ii) the difference in log virus titers between the process control and the validated sensitivity limit of the assay, if there was no recoverable virus (indicated by the use of the symbol “>” in the Table 1 below).
The virus panel and the log reduction values (LRV's) obtained by processing the plasma in the kit 300 in accordance with the instructions 374 are summarized in the following Table 1:
Table 1 demonstrates that use of the kit 300 is effective against small and large lipid enveloped viruses with either RNA or DNA genomes. Table 1 also demonstrates the capability of the kit 300 to inactivate certain non-enveloped viruses, which are not resistant to the virucidal action of methylene blue (for example, non-enveloped encephalomyocarditis virus (EMC) has demonstrated a resistance to the virucidal action of methylene blue).
The kit 300 provides more reliability and ease of use than the removal of leukocytes from plasma by lysing using conventional freeze-thaw processes. The kit 300 also provides greater removal of adventitious agents (i.e., viruses) than mere light inactivation (which does not remove intra-cellular agents) and/or bed-side filtering of plasma (which only removes fibrin clots, and not leukocytes).
However, the kit 300′ shown in
Instead, the far end of the tubing 304 in the kit 300′ is closed by a plug 372. The kit 300′ also includes an air reservoir 370 integrally connected to the tubing 304 by the Y-connector 316 between the filter 306 and the container 302.
The air reservoir 370 takes the place of the air pillow 310. Like the pillow 310, the reservoir 370 contains a residual amount of air to prevent collapse of the tubing 304 during steam sterilization. The reservoir 370 also serves as a chamber to receive vented air and residual plasma from the container 302 at the end of the filtration process.
More particularly, using the kit 300′, plasma from the source container 338 is passed for leukocyte reduction through the filter 306 and mixed with the photoactive material 326 in the container 320 in the same manner previously described and shown in FIG. 7.
In all other respects the process for handling the kit 300′ is the same as previously described with respect to the kit 300.
As described above in connection with the filter media 307, the pore size of the filter media 378 can be tailored to remove platelets from plasma by exclusion. It is believed that candidate materials for the media 307 formed with a pore size range of between 0.3 μm and 0.45 μcm (which is smaller than the pore size range of the media 307) will serve to remove platelets from plasma by exclusion.
The presence of the second, downstream media 378, having a smaller pore size than the first, upstream media 307, also provides added assurance that the cellular species targeted for removal by the first media 307 (i.e., leukocytes) will, in fact, be depleted or essentially depleted from the plasma. In this respect, the smaller pore size media 378 serves both a redundant function of removing leukocytes and an added second step function of removing the smaller platelet species.
It should be appreciated that the second filter media 378 can, instead of being separately housed as the filter 378, be integrated as another layer with the already multi-layer filter media 307.
In all other respects the process for handling the kit 300″ is the same as previously described with respect to the kit 300.
Features and advantages of the invention are set forth in the following claims.

Source URL: http://www.google.com.au/patents/US6855489
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 36 ---
|Race Date:||31 August - 2 September|
|Circuit Length:||7.004 km|
|Race Distance:||308.176 km|
|Lap Record:||1:47.263 - S Vettel (2009)|
Set in the wooded, hilly countryside of the Ardennes, Spa- Francorchamps is the last vestige of the old, romantic race circuits where fearless drivers performed feats of derring-do, and men and machinery were tested to the limit. It remains almost every F1 driver’s favourite on the calendar.
Swooping down from La Source to the fearsome Eau Rouge, then up to Les Combes and back down through the forests at Rivage, Pouhon and Blanchimont, Spa is a sumptuous reminder of what motor racing used to be. Originally measuring a daunting 14.08km, it was dramatically but not disastrously shortened in 1983 after a 12-year absence from the calendar and took on its current 7.004km layout only in 2007.

Source URL: http://www.grandprix.com.au/calendar/preview/belgium
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 37 ---
*Pic 1:Ve 22s Nice Looking Wheel Suit 5 Stud Holden $1200 ono
*Pic 2: Chrome Bsa Holden 18s $490 ono Good Tyres
*Pic 3: Chrome 18s Suit Pre Au Good Tyres $520 ono
*Pic 4: Chrome 17s Suit most 4 Stud Vechicles Lancer etc Nice Wheels 2 New Tyres 2 S/H $590ono
*Pic 5: 235/40r18 Semi Slicks Yokohama 80% Tread $60 Dollars Each Fitted And Balanced
*Pic 6:Gold Zenetti Wheels 18s Suit 4 Stud Vechiles Lancer Etc $770 ono
*We have More Wheels In Stock Please Call For Info And May ...
IMMACULATE CONDITION, REGO AND SAFETY CERTIFICATE. GREAT CAR duel airbag IMMACULATE CONDITION INSIDE AND OUT 2001 NISSAN PULSAR Ti, FULL OPTION, roadworthy REGO, CD PLAYER. MAG,LOG BOOK. GREAT FAMILY CAR , DRIVES LIKE NEW, IT’S 200 NISSAN PULSAR Ti ,SEDAN, CAR INCLUDES DUAL AIR CONDITIONING, CD PLAYER , MULTI POINT INJECTED, TINTED WINDOWS, POWER MIRRORS, POWER WINDOWS, POWER STEERING. REMOTE KEYLESS ENTRY, DUAL AIRBAGS, CENTRAL LOCKING, CRUISE CONTROL, ENGINE IMMOBILISER, MAG WHEELS, RECENTLY ...
For sale is my 2000 Mitsubishi Lancer GLi coupe. Low kms, 4cyl, automatic, front wheel drive, power steering. Roadworthy certificate upon sale, rego until September 2013.
Cold air conditioning, recently serviced, new suspension, plugs, cables and fuel filter. Neat, clean interior, CD player, rear spoiler, mags and tint. This car is very reliable and would make a perfect first car.
I'm Selling my mitsubishi Lancer 2004 ES , CS !
* comes with six months registration
* comes with Road Worthy Certificate ( Safety Certificate )
* Over all condition is good
* Very Economical on fuel !
...........Inspection Welcome Contact: 042224XXXX ............
For Sale or Swap: wanting to swap for kid friendly 4cyl car, wagon, ute or 4x4. Auto Preferably
Daewoo Espero 1995, 4cyl, 5 Speed Manual
Mitsubishi Lancer front and rear bar, needs side skirts. 2 Brand new drift bucket seats with mod plates, extractors and exhaust, 17" Mags, may need 2 new tyres. Brake Pads are fine, CV and Steering boots are fine, CV's are fine, Wheel Bearings are fine and has no aircon. Fuel consumption is GREAT! For more info please call 043579XXXX Unregistered and ...
2002 Black Mitsubishi Lancer
Comes with Road worthy and Rego until 29/08/13
Black Car on black 18" Lenso Rims with Chrome centre
Cyber Body Kit
Gold Clear tail lights
Full Sports exaust (no canon)
Red Caliper; new brake pads
4 new tires
new wheel bearings
Pod filter (comes with standard)
Chrome strap brace over motor
Evo short shift (for quick shift)
Full custom interior. top half white bottom half black with ...
Genuine 18" x 8 Mitsubishi Rims & Tyres off 2009 VRX Lancer.
3 Rims in very good condition with near new tyres.
1 Rim has small chip and crack as shown in photos - Wont hold air but could be fixed easily.
Tyres are 215/45/18
Please make an offer!!!
Call or Text Locky on O401 928 615.
Where do you find the next one only travelled 44,000km? This vehicle is a credit to the previous owner. The vehicle has been cared for its whole life and comes complete with a 5 year warranty, enquire now and ask about our on site finance which can see you take tis vehicle home today.
Great cheap car, good first car or run about. VERY economical, uses almost no fuel at all
- Engine & Gearbox replaced 60,000k's ago installed professionally
- Rare Mitsubishi factory alloy wheels
- Power Steering
- Cold Air Con, will freeze you on the coldest setting
- Aftermarket CD stereo
- New brake pads
- 2 New front tyres
Paint has seen better days but faded bonnet and roof have been resprayed recently and is presentable.
Mechanically the car is great, does not leak any oil ...
Regretful sale: I have had this car for nearly 3 years. Selling it as I need a Ute.
1.5 lt 1999 Lancer 4 door with:
12 cd stacker,
Mechanically excellent. Has driven me to Perth and back NO problem. Would make a great first car. Is well looked after although it may not have mags or the best paint job. Has been serviced regularly.
This car does as little as 5.2 litres per 100 kms HWY driving and averages 5.6 lt per 100 city driving. they ...
CHEAP vehicle IDEAL for a P-plater or just your every day run around 800km's to a full tank and $65 to fill with 98 high octane I bought this vehicle brand new, first registered owner. The reason I'm selling the vehicle is I now have a company car and this one just sits in the carport with a cover over it. It no longer gets driven, Alot of money spent on it all proffesional worksmanship and I have ALL the receipts which I'm more then happy to provide upon sale of the car. This list includes but ...
***********************YEAR END SALES, HUGH DISCOUNT************************
The whole car and its parts are offered for very cheap price comparatively very low price than any wreckers.
Pull the parts of your own choice. Hurry up............. it won't last long.
The complete engine and transmmision are also offered.
The car is repairable and write off.
Well looked after wagon.
Full service history.
New tryes, shocks & struts, power steering hose etc.
Mags, tinted windows and genuine floor mats.
Registered till December with current Safety Certificate.
Great car, runs very well, automatic, fuel efficient 4 cylinder, great tyres, clean interior and lots of registration until November 2013. It does come with a current roadworthy certificate so its ready to go. Definetely wont dissapoint. If you need anything else feel free to contact me
Looking for extreme value? Look no Further - Cairns Car Brokers is a licensed motor dealership providing high quality used vehicle's to FNQ. All cars come with current RWC and after market warranties through AWN.
As we are based in Cairns don't worry how to get the car to Townsville or surrounds. All our prices are driveaway including freight! so don't hesitate to call or reply email and one of our friendly staff will be happy to answer all your questions.
Finance is available on this ...
Mitsubishi Lancer 2003
4 door sedan
5 speed manual
Metallic red with light grey trim
Rego to October 2013
Cold air condt. Window tint. Ken wood stereo with 700 watt speakers.
17 inch Advanti mags
With new tyres
Very good condition throughout. Drives well reliable and economical
Call or SMS Claire on O415344416

Source URL: http://www.gumtree.com.au/s-automotive/qld/lancer/k0c9299l3008841
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 38 ---
Isis Hair Skin Body
1 Fairley Street, Indooroopilly QLD 4068
Isis Hair Skin Body is a haven of hair, beauty and relaxtion located in private, leafy Fairley St, Indooroopilly. Choose from an extensive range of hair and beauty services and relax in the homely atmosphere of this urban sanctuary boutique salon whilst our highly trained Hair and Beauty Technicians make you look and feel fabulous!Take advantage of being able to have your waxing, manicures, pedicures done at the same time as your hair treatments! Sit back, unwind and enjoy a coffee or herbal tea in either of our 2 lounge areas, read a magazine, watch your favorite T.V show or catch up on work on your laptop. Enjoy interaction with us and other clients or just take time out for you. We cater for the busy working person offering late night tradings and Saturdays. Our vision at Isis Hair Skin Body is to create great hair and pamper you with beauty services in a friendly, welcoming salon experience. "Like" our Facebook page ISIS HAIR SKIN BODY to receive fantastic monthly specials and updates on new services and products.
Our Team Profiles
The Team at Isis Hair Skin BodyPosition Profile
Carole, our Beauty Therapist and Nail Technician with over 20 years experience. She offers waxing, Gel Nails, manicures, pedicures, Shellac and semi permanent mascara application.
Lisa is the salon Director. She has 20 years of hairdressing experience and has won numerous hairdressing awards. Her passion is cutting and colouring.
Michelle is a senior Sylist with over 5 years experience. She has a great attention to detail and makes clients feel welcome and comfotable.

Source URL: http://www.hairsalon.com.au/hsb-hair-skin-body-0/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 39 ---
Last Friday Xander had a little accident while Sarah and the kids were visiting Sarah's parents. Xander leaned on a glass table and it smashed cutting his hand.
Sarah then had to take him to the hospital to get it looked at, and most likely some stitches. Well Eden on the Park gave Sarah and Xander a lift to the Afred in nothing else but the best. A Rolls Royce.
Once at the Alfred they basically said Eek a child, cleaned the cut and sent us to the Royal Childrens hospital. While in the car in peak hour traffic, Xander decided that he didn't want the bandage on any more and removed it all. this was then followed by "Ouch", "Oucch".
Once at the hospital Xander then didn't like this waiting a started playing a rough as usual, and wanted to play on the slide. Well Sarah had only done a quick wrap to get it back together so it wasn't really going to stand up too well.
When it was our turn Xander just sat there like a little angel and did exactly what he was told. I still couldn't beleive that we had not even had a single tear, and the most I had heard from hime was ouch. The great thing was that we didn't need to get stitches, but instead they used some skin glue, and some steri strips. much easier. This was then followed by plaster back board up his arm and alot of bandages to imobilise his hand so that it will keep the cut together.
Now Xander has to keep this on for a week. Just about as soon as we got home the imortal words came out of his mouth. "Take it Off!" We managed to survive until Sunday morning when he got it off in one peice. I then had to disassemble the bandages and plaster and put it back on. Only another 6 days to go before we can take it off.

Source URL: http://www.heydon.com.au/blogs/gordon/xander-had-smashing-time-eden-park
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 40 ---
What is the purpose of Hospitality Rewards?
Hospitality Rewards has been created to service ‘Special Events’ for clubs, hotels and the hospitality industry.
Our objective is to create a highly effective business network to utilise the personal contacts and reputation of our business partners with a series of complimentary & add-on business service providers.
Hospitality Rewards brings together highly credentialed ‘owner operators’ who have years experience in the hospitality trade who can offer you all you require to create that special corporate event.
The independent businesses include:
Smarter Pour (www.smarterpour.com.au)
Swan Street Sales (www.swanstreet.com.au)
No Fuss Solutions (www.nofusssolutions.com.au)
Bargo Mobile Bars (www.bargomobilebars.com.au)
What does Hospitality Rewards offer?
Hospitality Rewards will provide a single point of contact for any business or organisation planning their next ‘Special Event’, with a range of marquees, fittings, furnishings and mobile bar packages, designed to suit any requirement.
For those after a simple, convenient, professional approach to ensure their ‘Special Event’ runs smoothly, simply call Hospitality Rewards on 1300 88 50 58 or log on to www.hospitalityrewards.com.au to find the service provider they require.

Source URL: http://www.hospitalityrewards.com.au/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 41 ---
U.S. Attorney reopens
investigation into Alaska Airlines crash that killed 88
SEATTLE (AP) — Federal
authorities have reopened a criminal investigation into
the January 2000 crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261, the
airline's parent company disclosed Wednesday.
Alaska Air Group, based
in Seattle, made the disclosure in its annual 10-K financial
report, filed Wednesday with the Securities and Exchange
Officials at the U.S.
Attorney's Office did not immediately return calls seeking
Flight 261 was headed
to San Francisco on Jan. 31, 2000, when it crashed into
the Pacific Ocean off Port Hueneme, Calif., killing all
88 passengers and crew members.
The U.S. Attorney's Office
in San Francisco began investigating maintenance practices
at the company's Oakland, Calif., base after the crash,
but that investigation was put on hold while the National
Transportation Safety Board conducted a federal investigation.
Almost from the beginning,
investigators focused on a lack of grease on the jet's jackscrew,
a tail component that helps move the plane's stabilizer
and sets the angle of flight.
In December, the NTSB
ruled that shoddy maintenance was the reason for a lack
of grease, excessive wear and the eventual failure of the
Following that ruling,
the U.S. Attorney's Office in San Francisco reactivated
its investigation "in order to review it in light of
the final NTSB report," the company said in its SEC
Alaska Airlines spokesman
Jack Walsh declined to comment Wednesday on the reopening
of the inquiry.
The SEC requires companies
to mention legal proceedings that could potentially affect
the company's finances. The company is being sued by families
of the crash victims. Alaska Air Group said it did not expect
the legal proceedings to "materially affect" the
company's financial position.
Flight 261, an MD-80,
had taken off from Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, with scheduled
stops in San Francisco and Seattle.
NTSB issues scathing Report on Alaska
261 MD-82 Crash
NTSB Cites Poor Federal Oversight
in Alaska 261 Crash
The ATOS Failure of FAA Oversight
The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material
may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

Source URL: http://www.iasa.com.au/folders/Safety_Issues/others/AK261prosecutionrevived.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 42 ---
2012 March Thoroughbred Sale, Oaklands Junction, 16 March 2012(12MMT)
Lot 31 - Miss Secret
This lot has had Pedigree updates since the release of the catalogue.
SECRET ADMIRER (2007.f. by Dubawi-Secret Illusion, by Secret Savings-Our Illusion).
Please login to access this feature.
Previous 5 Lots
Next 5 Lots
Jump to Another Lot

Source URL: http://www.inglis.com.au/sales/horse/393-31/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 43 ---
Kelly McEwen Photography photographed the birth of our first child. What an experience! It's not something I would have considered, but after meeting Kelly, I knew I'd be comfortable with it - and it was one of the best decisions we've ever made! You didn't even know she was there, apart from feeling confident that nothing important would be missed. My husband and I were free to be completely focused on our precious baby without needing to remember to take photos.The shots Kelly got were priceless - especially the way she edited them and put them together in a slideshow - I cried every time I showed it to someone, and everyone who's seen it changed their tune from "eww - you had a birthing shoot?" to "oh - so THAT'S what it's like - not the messy part, just the first precious minutes of your baby's life! Wow - I can see why you'd want this!" We will definitely be asking Kelly to be capture the first precious moments in the lives of our future children.

Source URL: http://www.kidspot.com.au/parenting-directory/Unique-Gifts+180/Gift-Ideas-Unique-Gifts+34129/review+4933/Perth.htm
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 44 ---
History of Mortein
Mortein was first manufactured as an insecticidal powder in the 1870s by J. Hagemann, a German immigrant to Australia. It is said that Hagemann himself came up with the name Mortein, with a little help from his French wife: the famous name is a combination of the French word 'mort' (dead) and the German 'ein' (one).
Hagemann used crushed chrysanthemum flowers to produce a pyrethrum extract. The powder was originally sprinkled about, and in the 1920s a squeeze puffer was developed. Hagemann introduced a liquid version in 1928. He combined this with kerosene and had a pump pack designed (the traditional 'flit gun') which allowed the insecticide to be sprayed into the air or onto the pests themselves.
Hagemann's product was distributed wholesale by Samuel Taylor. Taylor ran his own business until his death in 1895. Soon after that , the business went broke, and in 1909 it came into the hands of F. S. Steer and Thomas Jackson. They were to revive Taylor's business and ultimately set it up as a proprietary company in 1937 as Samuel Taylor Pty Ltd. This company was to play a critical role in Mortein's development, mainly through the activities of its larger-than-life managing director from the 1940s to the 1960s, Bill Graham.
By 1953, Mortein was already a household name when the Samuel Taylor company pioneered the aerosol industry in Australia by introducing the Pressure Pak. When TV arrived in Australia in 1956, a lengthy 'infomercial' by Mortein was one of the first TV ads produced and shown in this country.
Graham believed in aggressive marketing and advertising, and saw the potential of TV as soon as it appeared. He developed new brand after new brand, including several which are household names today, such as Preen, Fabulon, Aerogard and Mr Sheen. Mortein was, perhaps, his favourite. He was a passionate believer in the safety and efficacy of his product, and once (rumour has it) drank down a glass of Mortein in front of a shocked government inquiry to demonstrate how safe it was.
In 1969 the Samuel Taylor company was bought by the British company Reckitt & Colman. The Australian firm, under its British parent, introduced and promoted to the Australian market several of the country's most familiar household names over the past few decades. Among these consumer icons, Mortein stands out as the most widely recognised of all.
Things you didnít know about Mortein
- Mortein Pressure Pak was the first commercially produced aerosol in Australia back in the 1950s
- Mortein was a pioneer in advertising, producing one of the first television advertisements in Australia
- That loveable rogue Louie the Fly, synonymous with the name Mortein, has been around on television since 1957. Follow Louie the Fly on Facebook. Visit www.louiethefly.com.au.
- The name 'Mortein' is said to derive from the French 'mort' (dead) plus the German 'ein' (one) and was concocted by Mortein's German inventor and his French wife in the 1870s.
- Mortein, developed and made in Australia, has been the leading brand of household insecticide in Australian homes for over 100 years.
Mortein has moved a long way from the simple pyrethrum powder and early kerosene-based flit gun fly spray.
Mortein now has products to cater for all pest problems.
Superbrands, a Sydney based publishing company

Source URL: http://www.mortein.com.au/about_mortein.php
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 45 ---
Mr.Gadget : Australia's No#1 Gadget Site!
yeah funniest thing seen today…plus a v/good example of how people will justify their purchase (surprisingly pleasant) by convincing themselves even with real facts (painfully)… its all good
the ‘real humour’ is how silly and meaningless it actually is …. love people not things
Ahhh. Nice one.
Lol, that is pretty funny. If the iPhone comes to Verizon in 2011, I might be one of this “people”!
this one is very nice.!
Your name (*required)
Email Address (*kept private)
Website URL (*optional)
Connect with Mr.Gadget via:
Copyright Mr.Gadget 2025 [Sitemap] | Created by Arnold | Optimised by WebAces | Related: Aranez iPhone & iPad Leather Cases

Source URL: http://www.mrgadget.com.au/gadget/2010/but-its-an-apple-fishook-humor/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 46 ---
Professional Music Teachers in Australia
Styles: Jazz, Blues, Pop, Soul, Classical
Skill Level: Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced
Pricing: $45 per hour
Kathryn is a young professional jazz vocalist, trained through the Monash Conservatorium of Music.
With over ten years of vocal experience, a tertiary background of Jazz improvisation and a solid classical training, she specialises in the contemporary idiom, with a firm emphasis on strong vocal foundations.
Perhaps your child has a passion for singing which you wish to nurture? Or you yourself have a passion which you wish to put into action?
Kathryn has recently moved to Gladstone Park, and is looking for local students in the Hume region. House visits are available on request. Mature aged students more than welcome!
These details were last updated on October 7, 2011

Source URL: http://www.musicteacher.com.au/kathryn-robinson/singing-lessons/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 47 ---
No need for abuse comment apology: Barnett
- From: AAP
- November 20, 2012
WEST Australian Premier Colin Barnett says the state opposition's response to his comments about the royal commission into child sex abuse was wrong and inappropriate.
Opposition child protection spokeswoman Sue Ellery called on the premier to apologise to victims of child abuse after he told ABC radio that the far-reaching national inquiry announced by Prime Minister Julia Gillard last week could destroy institutions around the country.
Mr Barnett said he held grave concerns about the legacy the massive inquiry may leave on the organisations investigated and the victims involved.
The premier said he hoped the royal commission would achieve positive outcomes, "but I also fear for the negativity that could come out of it".
"I think you will see many people's lives destroyed. I think you will see many of Australia's institutions - which may have been at fault - also destroyed, and great divisions in the community," he told ABC radio.
But Ms Ellery said the premier's reservations made light of the abuse suffered by many people over many years, saying his comments showed "an appalling lack of sensitivity", and that the royal commission would be an important part of the healing process for victims.
"Most Western Australians would be appalled that the premier appears more concerned about protecting the perpetrators than providing a platform to investigate abuse claims," she said.
However, Mr Barnett said Ms Ellery's comments were wrong and inappropriate.
Mr Barnett said the WA government's concern for the victims of child sexual abuse had been illustrated by its efforts with the St Andrew's Hostel inquiry earlier this year, conducted by former Supreme Court Justice Peter Blaxell.
The inquiry initially focused on events in the 1970s and 1980s at the St Andrew's Hostel in Katanning, run by notorious pedophile brothers Dennis and Neil McKenna, and was later expanded to St Christopher's Hostel in Northam, Hardie House in South Hedland and St Michael's House in Merredin.
"The WA government also made ex-gratia payments to more than 5000 survivors of child abuse in a scheme that closed last year," Mr Barnett said later on Monday.
"This scheme allowed victims of child abuse an opportunity to tell their story and for the first time for many to be believed.
"As I said in this (ABC radio) interview and on many other occasions, Western Australia will fully co-operate with the royal commission announced by Prime Minister Julia Gillard."

Source URL: http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/national/no-need-for-abuse-comment-apology-barnett/story-e6frfku9-1226519985125
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 48 ---
NATO upset by Azerbaijan killer's pardon
- From: AAP
- September 06, 2012
NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen says he is "deeply concerned" about the pardoning of a Azerbaijani soldier who axed an Armenian officer to death during a NATO training course.
"The act he committed in 2004 was a terrible crime and should not be glorified," Rasmussen said on Thursday in a speech at Yerevan State University during a visit to Armenia.
Azerbaijani lieutenant Ramil Safarov was extradited to Baku last week from Hungary, where he had been serving a life sentence for hacking the Armenian officer to death.
Safarov was immediately pardoned and promoted to the rank of major after returning home to a hero's welcome, in defiance of assurances from Baku to Budapest that he would serve out his term in Azerbaijan.
The issue has inflamed tensions between ex-Soviet foes Armenia and Azerbaijan which are locked in an unresolved conflict over the disputed territory of Nagorny Karabakh where they fought a war in the 1990s.
"The pardon damages trust and doesn't contribute to the peace process," Rasmussen said.
"Tensions must be reduced and concrete steps must be taken to promote regional co-operation and reconciliation."
Rasmussen said he would convey the same message to Azerbaijan when he visits Baku on Friday.
More than 1000 young Armenians demonstrated outside the university where Rasmussen was speaking, chanting "Shame" and "We demand justice".
Armenia has broken off diplomatic links with Hungary over the extradition and subsequent pardon, which has also sparked concern in Washington, Brussels and Moscow.
At a press conference with Rasmussen later on Thursday, Armenian President Serzh Sarkisian said: "Azerbaijan's shameful act seriously endangers the security of the entire south Caucasus."
Armenia and Azerbaijan have not signed a peace deal since the 1994 Karabakh ceasefire and there are still frequent gun battles along the frontline.

Source URL: http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/world/nato-upset-by-azerbaijan-killers-pardon/story-e6frfkui-1226466840638?from=public_rss
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 49 ---
Michael Clarke to miss last one-dayer at MCG
- From: AAP
- February 09, 2013
AUSTRALIAN captain Michael Clarke will be rested from tomorrow's last one-dayer due to hamstring soreness.
Clarke suffered the soreness in last night's five-wicket win over the West Indies in Sydney.
Team medical staff decided not to take any risks ahead of the India tour and Clarke won't travel with the team for the dead-rubber ODI.
Vice-captain Shane Watson will lead the side on Sunday and Clarke will fly to India on Monday morning, as arranged, for the four-Test series.
Clarke was moving slowly Friday night while making 37 as Australia chased down the West Indies' total of 220 with 5.1 overs to spare.
The skipper had trouble with his right hamstring earlier this summer, carrying the problem through the second and third Tests against Sri Lanka.
He then missed the opening ODIs against Sri Lanka.
Despite Australia's comfortable win in game four, Aaron Finch was out for 25 and again failed to cement his place in the one-day picture looking towards the 2015 World Cup.
However batting partner Watson continued to flourish at the top of the order.
He continued to take his chances and prove he's best suited to opening the batting in all forms with a rock-solid half century.
Watson's timing couldn't be better - following up his ton in Canberra on Wednesday with 76 from 84 balls on Friday - as he chases a return to opening in the Tests in India.
The West Indies were 6-55 and facing the embarrassment of another sub-100 total on Friday, before a dazzling rearguard century from man of the match Kieron Pollard saved face.
But his 109 not out couldn't prevent Australia going up 4-0 and within arms reach of an all-too-easy series clean sweep in Melbourne on Sunday.
On an individual front, though, things don't look as rosy for Finch.
Finch hasn't been able to convert his excellent domestic one day competition (averaging 99.4) and Big Bash (66.4) form and lock up a position ahead of June's Champions Trophy and, in turn, the World Cup in two years.
In ODIs this summer, Finch has averaged 21 with a highest score of 38.
Earlier, Johnson (3-36) had the Windies reeling at 3-17 after eight overs.
Johnson said competition for bowling spots in India is as fierce as he can recall but hopes to be in Australia's starting XI for the first match.
"I feel my form throughout this ODI tournament has been very good," he said.
"I'm not sure what's going to happen in India. To be fair, we've still got one more game here.
"We want to win five nil so we're almost there and then we can focus on India."
Ben Cutting also took three wickets after being called into the team for the rested Mitchell Starc - who also won't play in Melbourne.
Adam Voges (28) replaced George Bailey, who was ruled out with a slight hamstring strain.
Pollard's third ODI century at least kept the groaning 18,161 fans interested for longer.
Watson was dropped by wicketkeeper Devon Thomas on 32 with the score at 1-78.
Johnson said Watson had returned to the form that won him the Allan Border Medal in 2010-11, and said it was a confidence booster for the team heading to India following the retirement of Mike Hussey.

Source URL: http://www.news.com.au/sport/cricket/clarke-to-miss-last-one-dayer/story-fndpt0dy-1226574327652
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 50 ---
Inspire others with your story in The Nifnex Review & eNewsletter.
We profile and interview business people, industry experts and other influential members of society for our readers to draw inspiration from.
If you have a great story to share, we would love to feature you and your company in one of our forthcoming newsletters &/or The Nifnex Review, to show the Nifnex community what makes you tick, how you succeeded and yes, even the failures you encountered along the way and how you managed to overcome them. If you are willing to offer the Nifnex community the benefit of your business expertise and in return gain an excellent piece of publicity for your company, we can arrange for our media consultant to visit and interview you at your earliest convenience.
Interview Questions that might assist you.
1. For the benefit of the reader, could you tell us a little bit about yourself, the business and the space it operates in?
2. Did you ever question your path? What motivated you to keep going?
3. Where do you draw your inspiration from?
4. What is the most innovative business decision you've made that you are very proud of?
5. How do you manage work/life balance? Any tips for our readers?
6. Please complete the sentence. To unleash your potential . . .

Source URL: http://www.nifnex.com.au/portfolio.submit
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 51 ---
TAMWORTH Regional Council’s general manger Paul Bennett has been elected the president of the NSW Division of the Local Government Managers Association (LGMA).
The LGMA in NSW has more than 760 professional members, including about 130 council general managers, directors, managers and other professional staff from across the state.
Mr Bennett’s appointment follows six years as an LGMA board member and two years in the role of vice-president.
The president is elected every two years and is able to serve up to two terms.
Mr Bennett said he was “excited and a bit nervous”, to be taking up the role for the next two years.
“The LGMA will be a major contributor to the activities being undertaken under Destination 2036, the Independent Review Panel, and the rewrite of the Local Government Act,” Mr Bennett said.
“I figure it is much better to step up to the plate and play an active role in helping to shape the future of local government in NSW rather than sit back and simply watch from the sidelines.”
The LGMA is made up of industry professionals with a range of skills and qualifications.
“We try to avoid the politics surrounding discussions about amalgamations and instead focus on developing practical, on-the-ground solutions to the strategic issues being faced by all councils,” he said.
“Of particular importance is developing future funding models that will ensure our assets can be maintained and renewed in a sustainable way, addressing the skills shortage being experienced in both professional and operational areas of local government, and providing input to the rewrite of the Local Government Act.
“That will provide improved flexibility and transparency in the way we operate and respond to community needs.”
Mr Bennett said he felt very privileged to have been selected by his peers to guide the LGMA through what he said was likely to be one of the most important periods of reform the local government sector had ever experienced.

Source URL: http://www.northerndailyleader.com.au/story/308504/tamworth-council-gm-steps-up-to-presidency/?src=rss
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 52 ---
Oxygen and Carbon Dioxide Measurement Made Simple
The 1737 oxygen and carbon dioxide analyser is the third generation of MAP gas analysers from Novatech Controls. It incorporates a novel zirconia oxygen sensor and an infrared CO2 measuring cell. It brings a new level of automated gas sampling for the food and pharmaceutical industry by including features such as:
- Bluetooth® data uploads
- 200 Product categories
- Power or battery operation
- Sample gas flow measurement and control
- Large graphic display
- Performs automatic zero calibration when reading ambient air
- Data memory for 3700 measurements
The 1737 analyser comes with a variety of gas measurement ranges that covers oxygen from ppm levels up 100%, and the option of CO2.
The sample gas flow rate is measured using a true mass flow sensor and allows the 1737 to maintain a constant flow rate and alarm if there is a blockage.
The Novatech 1737 Oxygen and Carbon Dioxide Analysers are especially suited to food and beverage applications including:
- Head space analysis in closed packages
- Head space analysis in cans
- Continuous process measurement
Accuracy and Reliability
The oxygen and carbon dioxide sensors provide accurate and virtually drift-free measurement for years. The oxygen sensor is automatically zeroed whenever the sample is from ambient air and only requires a calibration gas for the ppm level sensor.
The carbon dioxide is also zeroed whenever the sample is from ambient air and uses a simple keyboard operation for the span calibration.
The 1737 allows entry of up to 200 products by name and product number, entered from the instrument keypad or from a computer. Selecting a product automatically enables the preset alarm levels for the gas concentration and the measured results are stored in sets with a date/time stamp. The data can be transferred easily without errors or missed readings to a computer using the Novatech software in CSV (comma separated variable) format straight into the common spreadsheet applications. The software is provided free of charge.
The operator does not need to touch the analyser once the product has been selected. Every time the sample gas returns to ambient air the alarm levels are checked, the minimum/maximum measurements are stored and the display is updated.
The analyser can then be brought to within 10m of the computer, a button can be clicked on the PC and the data will be transferred by the radio link. It is not necessary to plug a communication cable into the analyser.
Tailor the analyser to the application
The Novatech 1737 analysers are available for oxygen only, or for both CO2 and oxygen with three oxygen ranges. The instruments can be selected with a pump where samples need to be aspirated, and with accessories (see reverse side) including:
- Metal can piercing tool
- Hypodermic needles for plastic packs
- Filters for dry particulate

Source URL: http://www.novatech.com.au/products/1737/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 53 ---
Missed Opportunities Hurt Cockatoo Colts
The NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts finished their 2013 program with a close but disappointing 17 – 7 loss to the ACT Colts in Wollongong.
The match for the Cockatoo Colts could be best described as one of missed opportunities, with the team being unable to convert possession and field position into points on the score board at critical times during the match.
An unconverted try to the ACT Colts from a disjointed scrum in the opening minutes of the match set the young Cockatoos back on their heels, and it took them quite awhile before they got into the pace of the match.
Once settling into the match the team started to play some attractive and attacking Rugby, but on numerous occasions the attacking raids came to nothing as a result of indecision, wrong option taking or strong ACT defence.
At various times during the ensuing twenty minutes both teams made numerous attacking raids, but neither were able to get over the others try line. Both teams were keen to run the ball, and on several occasions each side elected to kick for touch rather than kick for goal.
The scoring drought was finally broken in the twenty seventh minute when Country were mounting a promising attacking raid in the ACT’s twenty two, when a long cut out pass was intercepted for a converted try resulting in the ACT skipping away to a 12 – 0 lead.
Country recovered quickly and continued to attack strongly, which had the ACT having to pull out all stops and on several occasions conceded penalties at the breakdown.
With less than a minute left on the clock an ACT player was sent to the sin bin for repeated infringements at the breakdown. The Cockatoo Colts capitalised very quickly and flanker Andrew Boyce finished off a surging drive to peel off and cross for a converted try, which made the score 12 – 7 at the break.
The majority of the second half was basically dominated by the Cockatoo Colts, but as had been the case in the first half, try scoring opportunities were once again denied by indecision, poor options and very solid defence.
After weathering attacking raids for the majority of the half the ACT started to apply their own pressure, and they were rewarded when a loose Country lineout throw in their own twenty two resulted in the ACT powering over for a try to set up a winning 17 – 7 lead.
The Cockatoo Colts continued to apply pressure for the remainder of the match, which saw them coming close to scoring on several occasions, but unfortunately there was no further addition to the score-line.
Player of the Match was lock Vilai Kelemete while Flankers Andrew Boyce and Jack Barker together with half back Stuart McVicar and fullback Pratik Ahuja all played strongly.
ACT Colts – 17
3 Tries & Conversion
NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts – 7
Andrew Boyce Try
Pratik Ahuja Conversion
Cockatoo Colts Face Up Against ACT
The NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts will face up against the ACT Colts this Sunday in Wollongong in what will be their last match for 2013.
Following on from their very successful tour to Melbourne which saw the young Cockatoos register two very impressive victories over the VRU Colts, the team is gearing themselves for a very tough match against the ACT.
The ACT Colts have had the better of the results over the last two seasons, but a change in the structure of the Cockatoo Colts’ program sees the team go into the match with the benefit of a training camp and two matches under their respective belts.
NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts coach Matt Thomas knows the ACT Colts will be a much stronger side than the VRU opposition, but is confident this year’s team is up to causing a major upset.
He said “this year’s team is much stronger in all positions across the playing squad, where in previous years there were several positions which had some weaknesses”.
Thomas went on to say “the team’s preparation together with the way they have bonded as a group has seen them develop into a very impressive squad who has the confidence to back themselves on the playing field”.
The match will be played on Sunday, 19 May at Vikings Rugby Park, Wollongong kicking off at 12.30pm.
At the completion of the match the NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts Player of the Year will be announced at a function in the Vikings Rugby Club.
Admission is free and local Rugby supporters are encouraged to come along and see two very impressive Colts teams in action.
Cockatoo Colts Claim Second Victorian Scalp
The NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts made it two wins from two matches when they defeated the VRU Colts 28 – 19 to round off their Melbourne tour.
The match was played as the main curtain raiser to the SupeRugby fixture between the Melbourne Rebels v Chiefs at AAMI Park, Melbourne on Friday, 3 May 2013.
After an early settling in period by both teams the Cockatoo Colts were awarded a penalty at the ninth minute which resulted in centre Daniel Damen kicking a penalty goal to take Country out to a 3 point lead.
The following period of play was very tightly contested, but unfortunately Country’s discipline lapsed and the VRU were awarded three penalties in quick succession, and at the twenty minute mark the VRU had skipped away to a 9 – 3 lead.
However, Country held their composure and at the twenty second minute mark winger Rhys Peters charged onto a sensational pass from fullback Pratik Ahuja to race thirty metres to score a great try which was converted by Daniel Damen, and the NRMA Country Colts had regained the lead 10 - 9.
In the thirtieth minute Country were awarded a penalty forty metres out and elected to take the scrum, which resulted in centre Tarpaki Rahui splinting the opposition wide open to cross for a try, which was again converted by Daniel Damen to see the score climb to 17 - 9.
The remainder of the half was very even, and with no addition to the score the NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts went to the half time break leading 17 – 9.
VRU came out in the second half with renewed vigour, and in the forty first minute caught the Country defence napping and crossed for a soft unconverted try which closed Country’s lead to 17 – 14.
Country came back strongly by attacking with sweeping backline movements, one of which resulted in winger Rhys Peters out sprinting the defence to score an unconverted try to increase the lead to 22 – 14.
The Vic’s then launched a series of strong attacks which had the Country Colts pinned in their twenty two and having to defend strongly.
Country weathered the onslaught and were able to breakout, and after working play into the VRU twenty two they were awarded a penalty in the fifty third minute from which a penalty goal was kicked by Daniel Damen to take Country out to a 25 – 14 lead.
The VRU team rallied and again lay siege to Country’s line, and after ten minutes of continuous attack they elected to take a tap from a penalty and drove over for an unconverted try to close the score line to 25 – 19 with five minutes left on the clock.
With the siren about to sound Country launched an attack, which saw the ball kicked into the VRU in-goal and a race ensued between players, with a penalty being awarded to Country when one of their players were held back by a defender. A penalty goal was kicked by Daniel Damen to round off the final score as 28 – 19.
Players to standout were Player’s Player Rhys Peters (wing), Jack Barker (No 8), Chris Nagy (Lock), Matt Fairburn (Prop) and Grant Knight (Five Eight).
The NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts’ next match will be on Sunday, 19 May 2013 against the ACT Colts in Wollongong.
NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts – 28
Rhys Peters 2 & Tarpaki Rahui Tries
Daniel Damen 3 Penalty Goals & 2 Conversions
VRU Colts XV – 19
2 Tries & 3 Penalty Goals
Cockatoo Colts in First Up Win
The NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts have opened their 2013 representative program with a hard fought victory over the VRU Colts Development XV at Moorabbin.
In very cold, wet and windy conditions the young Cockatoos had to overcome a spirited VRU team and a lopsided penalty count to register a strong 29 – 10 win.
The Referees whistle signalled the kick off and the opening of the skies, and steady rain continued throughout the duration of the match, which made handling and ball control very difficult.
After conceding an early three point lead the Cockatoo Colts went on the attack and set up camp in the VRU’s twenty two, and after several near misses prop Blake Walsh powered over in the twelfth minute for a converted try to take a 7 – 3 lead.
The next ten minutes saw the Country boys dominate the play and field position, but it wasn’t until a well executed blindside raid from a scrum win saw winger Rhys Peters make a side stepping run to score an unconverted try to take the score out to 12 – 3.
From the restart the VRU gained possession, and after going close on several occasions a forward drive resulted in a converted try being scored next to the posts to close the score line to 12 – 10.
Once again the Cockatoo Colts went on the attack, but a combination of strong defence and poor options denied any addition to the score until fullback Pratik Ahuja finished off a sweeping counter attack to score in the corner to make the half time score 17 – 10 to the NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts.
The continuing rain and wind made conditions deteriorate and the second half became an arm wrestle, with a string of penalties to the home side making things very hard for the Cockatoo Colts.
Ten minutes into the half the Colts were rewarded with a try to winger Jake Hartmann who was on hand to finish off a series of strong drives to increase the lead to 22 – 10.
From this point on the match became a war of attrition, with the wet and slippy conditions having a major bearing on the ability of the players to control the ball. Players became frustrated and the penalty count continued to mount, until the Referee lost his patience and sent a player from each team to the sin bin.
The final score of the match came with five minutes left on the clock when No 8 and Man of the Match Jack Barker finishing off a drive from a line out win to score a converted try to round off the score at 29 – 10.
Standout players for the NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts in a strong team performance were No 8 Jack Barker, Prop Blake Walsh, Flanker Andrew Boyce, Halfback Stuart McVicar and Lock Chris Nagy.
The NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts will now play the VRU Colts in the curtain raiser to the Rebels v Chiefs SupeRugby match at AAMI Park at 5.00pm on Friday, 3 May 2013.
NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts – 29
Pratik Adjura, Jack Barker, Jake Hartmann, Rhys Peters & Blake Walsh Tries
Pratik Adjura & Daniel Damen Goals
VRU Development XV – 10
All NSW Country Rugby Union news, representative results and zone results are available on www.nswcountryrugby.com.au
Cockatoo Colts Fly South
The NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts head south to Melbourne to take on the best of the Victorian Rugby Union Colts in a two match series on Wednesday (1/5) and Friday (3/5).
The two matches against the VRU teams will see the NRMA Cockatoo Colts line up against a VRU Colts Development XV on Wednesday night at Moorabbin Rugby Club, and then take on the VRU Colts XV on Friday night at AAMI Park.
Friday night’s match will be played as a curtain raiser to the Rebels v Chiefs SupeRugby match, and will be a once in a life time opportunity for many of the players to participate in a match played at a premier sporting venue.
Last time the Cockatoo Colts toured to the southern state they were defeated in the dying moments of the main match of the tour, and they will be out to set the record straight this year.
Since the inception of the Rebels, the VRU domestic competition has improved dramatically, and their respective representative teams are now very competitive and very hard to beat, especially at home.
NRMA Cockatoo Colts Coach Matt Thomas is very aware of the dangers associated in under estimating the VRU teams, as they will be out to impress, especially in front of their home crowds.
The Country team has had a strong preparation, with the players all competing at the Country Championships and then participating at a training camp which has them primed for strong showings in the VRU matches.
Thomas believes this year’s NRMA NSW Country Cockatoo Colts is one of the strongest Colts team he has seen for several years, with the team possessing power, pace, size and skill right across the park.
Wednesday night’s match kicks off at 7.00pm, while Friday night’s match kicks off at 5.00pm.

Source URL: http://www.nswcountryrugby.com.au/colts
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 54 ---
Royal Perth Hospital cooling system needs emergency treatment
- From: The Sunday Times
- February 04, 2013
MORE than $1 million has been spent patching up Royal Perth Hospital's 25-year-old cooling systems in the past six years - the cost of two new chillers.
But taxpayers will now also fork out a further $800,000-plus to install a second-hand chiller, and to lease another, as RPH tries to avoid evacuating hundreds of patients because the machines, which run airconditioning, are failing.
The Sunday Times revealed last week that two of the hospital's three primary chillers had failed, and that according to Health Department director-general Kim Snowball, if another main one went down "we're going to have to consider moving patients''.
At least $100,000 will be spent leasing one chiller from Melbourne if it is needed for the next two weeks as expected, according to industry sources, who said it would cost from $7000-$10,000 a day to lease, and thousands more to transport. It was activated on Friday night.
A second-hand chiller has come from Sir Charles Gairdner Hospital free, and after initially refusing to reveal installation costs, late yesterday the WA Health Department confirmed it would cost about $700,000 to set up at RPH, and said the "total cost of all current repairs and replacements is not yet clear''.
Health Minister Kim Hames confirmed a new chiller would have cost $500,000.
To add to RPH's woes, the deadly bacteria, vancomycin-resistant enterococci, has been detected in patients in several wards of the Perth campus, which is so run-down its sign on Wellington St is missing the "L'' off the word hospital.
Senior clinicians, who revealed the $1 million repair bill, said the chiller problems were not only the fault of a "stingy State Government'' that did not want to spend on equipment, but also resulted from the "ineptitude of senior RPH management'' who did not fight for equipment when governments rejected their requests to get some.
Dr Hames said that as well as the leased chiller which was activated on Friday night, "one main chiller and the light load chiller are functioning and supplying the building needs'' and that "RPH's airconditioning is running as per normal''.
But clinicians asked if everything was "normal'' why was there a chiller from Melbourne and other equipment sitting in RPH's supply bay yesterday.
On the superbug detection, Dr Hames said: "Infection-control measures have been taken to immediately reduce the risk of VRE spreading.''
United Voice acting secretary Carolyn Smith said the cooling system problem was not an issue that had "crept up'' on the Government, but it preferred to spend money on Elizabeth Quay rather than hospitals and this was "absolutely wrong''.
Opposition health spokesman Roger Cook said the Government was content to do a "patch-up'' job on longstanding serious problems at RPH rather than re-develop it as the Liberals had promised at the last state election.
"The Health Minister needs to come clean about how he will protect RPH and its patients,'' he said.
Australian Medical Association WA president Richard Choong said the AMA had consistently emphasised the importance of maintenance in the WA health system and would continue to do so "in the run up to the state election''.

Source URL: http://www.perthnow.com.au/news/western-australia/royal-perth-hospital-cooling-system-needs-emergency-treatment/story-e6frg13u-1226562641013
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 55 ---
We don’t currently have any plans that match your choice. Why not create one now or check out some other exciting ideas?
How do you find this inappropriate?
Latest news, updates & advice.
none has been added to our mailing list.
Copyright © 2009 Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited ABN 11 068 049 178 | Visit our mobile site

Source URL: http://www.planbig.com.au/plan/List?tag=Science&filter=4&orgOnly=True&orgId=R-UmZbgCY0uZrfoHFjkqjw
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 56 ---
Robert Pattinson turned 27 yesterday, and we can think of no better way to celebrate his life than with a look at 27 interesting, funny and little-known facts about his life. Judging from Rob's first kiss to his relationship with Kristen Stewart to his troubles at school, the actor has already lived an interesting life. Click through to read our facts about Robert!
Today is Robert Pattinson's birthday and the Twilight Saga star is turning 27. We're celebrating his big day by sharing 27 of his hottest photos from his movie roles. From the role that launched him to super stardom, Edward Cullen, and beyond, check out these photos of the charming Brit.
It's actually funny to remember how we first came to know the name Nicole Richie. She was Paris Hilton's tanned and troublesome sidesick with a penchant for hair extensions and crazy eyeshadow. . . And while we loved that Nicole for all her fun and experimentation, we can't get enough of Nicole version 2.0. Over the past few years, she's morphed into a veritable hair and beauty icon before our eyes, mixing it up between sexy smoky eyes and old Hollywood curls, matte lips and rockstar hair, fresh glowing skin, topknots, coloured eyeshadows, black hair, blonde hair, extremely desirable hair — you name it, she's done it. Take a walk down memory lane with us, and see Nicole's most memorable looks since we've known her.
Happy 30th birthday, Miranda Kerr! The gorgeous girl from Gunnedah has well and truly made her mark on the fashion world, and we're sending our biggest, best wishes to her today. Best known for her adorable dimples and bangin' body, this Aussie supermodel has made her international mark as a Victoria's Secret Angel, as well as being the better half of Orlando Bloom. Working motherhood seamlessly into her career (and wardrobe), we've seen Miranda slay it recently in the model-off-duty style stakes, as well as managing to turn too-cute son Flynn into her most adorable accessory. Yummy mummy indeed! We thought we'd talk a walk down memory lane with the birthday girl and look back at her understated but always sexy style.
Kate Hudson may have followed the same career path as her Academy Award-winning mum, Goldie Hawn, but she's clearly made her own mark on Hollywood. Since her breakout role in Almost Famous over a decade ago, Kate — and her blonde mane — have been a regular on the red carpet. The all-American actress turned 34 yesterday, and to celebrate, we're taking a look back at some of her best beauty moments.
Whether you know her as the face of Burberry, as one of Victoria Secret's sultry Angels, as the hot Transformers babe, or as a master of cool-girl street style, one thing's for sure: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is a stylish force to be reckoned with. And while we love spotting Rosie out and about wearing the likes of Isabel Marant, Stella McCartney, and Alexander Wang, her signature brand of English-rose-cum-alluring-siren is best showcased in her many glossy editorials. From gracing the cover of Vogue Brazil to vamping it up in US Harper's Bazaar, we're celebrating her 26th birthday yesterday with a roundup of her absolute sexiest fashion spreads yet. Click through to see all of them now.
Yesterday was Victoria Beckham's 39th birthday! When we think of impeccably chic women, we picture Victoria strutting hard in a pencil skirt, sunglasses, and sky-high heels. The fashion lover-cum-designer has nailed her signature style and often leaves us wondering: how does she do it? If you've done your research, as we have, then you'll realise this is a woman with a serious commitment to her look. While there have been undeniable changes in her fashionable aesthetic (like breaking her own no-flats rule), VB never does anything halfway; she rocks it head to toe. Here's a fashion flashback dedicated to her on her big day. Happy birthday to the fashion artist formerly known as Posh!
We've practically grown up with Emma Watson. From her young start as Harry Potter's BFF and magical muggle Hermione to her turn as Burberry's campaign stunner to skimpy outfits and faux tattoos on the set of The Bling Ring, this beautiful Brit has accomplished a lot in very little time. She turned 23 yesterday (celebrating at the MTV Movie Awards, no less!), and to fete her impressively stylish career thus far, we've rounded up her most gorgeous editorials yet. Her chameleon-like beauty — hello, chic pixie cut! — and English charm can be spotted in the pages of Vogue Italia, Vanity Fair, US Harper's Bazaar, and Marie Claire — and we have a feeling that she's just getting started. In honour of Emma's 23rd birthday, we're taking a look at 50 of her most breathtaking fashion spreads.
Part girl-next-door, part glamazon, Brooklyn Decker's the kind of girl you'd love to hate if she wasn't so downright likeable. She's made the transition from Sports Illustrated cover girl to Hollywood actress seamlessly (and seemingly overnight); she's wife to Andy Roddick; and she might just be one of our favourite Twitter feeds to follow, too. Add to that a red carpet résumé that mixes cool-girl labels like Proenza Schouler one minute, then draws from Valentino or Giambattista Valli the next, and you can see how Decker has quickly become one of our favourite style setters. In honour of her 26th birthday yesterday, we're celebrating with a look at 26 of her best red carpet moments thus far. Click on and take note: this is just the beginning for the very talented (and very stylish) Brooklyn Decker!
Brazilian beauty Alessandra Ambrosio turned 32 yesterday, and to celebrate, we're showing you some of her sexiest, and coolest, editorials to date. Best known for her Victoria's Secret Angel status, Alessandra has become a well-known face covering numerous magazines, ranging from Vogue Nippon to Harper's Bazaar. In fact, all we need is to look at her long and lean body for our bikini body workout inspiration — can you believe she's had two kids? Amazing. Happy birthday, Alessandra! Take a look at the slideshow for some of her best editorials over the years.

Source URL: http://www.popsugar.com.au/tag/happy-birthday
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 57 ---
Brisbane Investments on Top
February 13 2012 | Australia
Brisbane’s apartment market trumps other capital cities for the best investment returns, according to new PRDnationwide research.
When comparing one, two and three bedroom units in Melbourne, Brisbane and Sydney – the Queensland capital outperformed.
Robert Matta, PRDnationwide analyst, said the research showed the gross rental yields investors achieved on average during the September quarter 2011.
The most impressive yields were for a 1-bedroom Brisbane unit at 6.4 per cent.
“The evidence suggests Brisbane offers a superior value proposition to that of Sydney and Melbourne, with attractive yields and more affordably priced product on the market enabling a greater pool of investors with varying financial capacities to become active in the property market,” said the researcher.
Sydney has taken second place over Melbourne - having outperformed in the one bedroom market, and performing on par in the two bedroom market.
“It has been widely publicised that Brisbane, when compared to other capital cities experienced one of the greatest decreases in property values since 2010, which has to an extent contributed to Brisbane having recorded the lowest median price in the September quarter, 2011, compared to Melbourne and Sydney,” said Mr Matta.
He continued: “Low sales activity and tight vacancy rates for units have underpinned relatively strong rental prices in the current market. Both factors have influenced the current yields that are being achieved by investors active in the Brisbane unit market.”
Mr Matta said prospects for rental growth across each capital city was looking very promising, as a strong level of demand for city accommodation and low vacancy combine to underpin increasing rents in the current market.
With that said, he believes that with recent reductions/ stabilisation in mortgage rates, government incentives, softened property values, favourable buying conditions and a considerable amount of new supply targeting more affordable price points, many city dwellers are beginning to justify a possible leap into the property market.
“We might begin to see rental demand for units within the sub $500,000 price range (the price range this segment of the market is likely to transact in) dilute as a consequence of this shift, which will effectively pull back rental growth” he said.
“Whilst current market fundamentals present several sound opportunities for renters to perhaps enter the property market, savvy investors are even more so looking to capitalise on the very same opportunities,” he said.
“Investors who are concerned about property growth in the long term rather than cash flow are perhaps those who are currently proactive in the market today.”
“Identifying distressed developer stock, mortgagee sales or simply well priced units isn’t too hard to come by in the current market,” he said.
He said purchasing property under these circumstances, in areas (capital cities) that are guaranteed to appreciate in value over time, presents the greatest opportunity for capital growth.

Source URL: http://www.prdnationwide.com.au/Research/Media/Brisbane_Investments_on_Top.aspx
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 58 ---
Results 1 to 5 of 5
Thread: Weight Gain Problems
1st April 2012 08:16 PM #1
- Join Date
- Feb 2012
Weight Gain Problems
My sister just had her prenatal check-up a week ago. She is on her 5th month and her doctor was wondering on why she was not gaining weight. She was 69 kilograms a month before the visit and now she weighs 65kilograms. Her doctor prescribed vitamins and advised her to consume milk everyday since the first trimester. Why is it that she is not gaining weight? She even lost weight. Considering the fact that she is on her second trimester of pregnancy.
2nd April 2012 01:31 AM #2
Stress can play a large part in weight loss. If your sister is anxious about the pregnancy, or having a new baby, or if there are relationship problems between her and the baby's father, or her and her parents, or problems at work - all of these things can contribute to a lack of desire to eat or eating the wrong foods.
Sometimes weight loss can be due to other things.
If your sister was very large to begin with, then she could lose weight if she's actually been trying to eat better during pregnancy.
If this is the same person who was craving tuna, that could be another indication that there's an imbalance within her system and this could cause weight loss as well.
I'm glad the doctor prescribed vitamins to be sure she's getting enough nutrients for the baby.
If she normally tends to be underweight, eating a higher amount of healthy fats can help. Nuts are good, and if she's going to drink milk every day, she will want to be sure she's drinking full fat milk (not low-fat or non-fat) and preferably organic. Eggs are also good to eat during pregnancy as they offer high quality protein with some good fat from the egg yolk.
30th April 2012 01:54 PM #3
- Join Date
- Feb 2012
I think her job is a great factor of stress. She works at night and comes home early in the morning. She sleeps for only 6 hours and eats irregularly.
1st May 2012 04:58 AM #4
That could do it. It's super important that she try to take a nap during the day or sleep more at night, and it's super important that she try to eat throughout the day. She will be putting herself and her baby at risk if she doesn't. The healthier she is during her pregnancy the better chance of having an easier delivery and a healthy baby.
1st May 2012 10:25 PM #5
I agree with Kate's advice: stress and not eating a balanced diet are particularly important in pregnancy. Your sister may find these articles useful: What to Eat in Pregnancy. Now I am pregnant again (and breastfeeding my toddler) I am making a bigger effort to follow this healthy eating advice. I know it isn't easy when we are busy sometimes but i think it is worth it.
I was also wondering if your sister had/ does suffer from morning sickness. I lost a bit of weight through being sick with my first pregnancy.

Source URL: http://www.pregnancy.com.au/forums/showthread.php?488-Weight-Gain-Problems
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 59 ---
Welcome to BuTech High Pressure Valves Fittings and Tubing
NEW! BuTech High Pressure Valve E-CATALOG
Click here here to access the interactive BuTech high pressure valves eBusiness center that includes intuitive navigation menu, powerful search capabilities, product detail pages, and instant RFQ submittal
Prochem is Australia’s leading supplier of pipeline products as well as quality mechanical stainless steel instrumentation products. With 50 years of experience, our guiding principle is to add value to our customers’ business at all times.
For further information on Stainless Steel Instrumentation click on the relevant section to download a PDF.
To view a PDF you need Adobe Acrobat Reader. It is available free.

Source URL: http://www.prochem.com.au/stainless_steel_instrumentation/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 60 ---
VILLAGE Building Company managing director Bob Winnel says development at Tralee will not be delayed despite new concerns raised by the Canberra Airport that the suburb doesn't comply with federal environment conservation regulations.
Freedom of Information correspondence revealed by the Canberra Times this week detailed a meeting of Department of Environment and Village Building company staff in November 2010. The two groups discussed whether the 2000-home development would need federal ministerial approval to protect vulnerable woodlands and reptile species in the area.
The developer later withdrew from the federal referral process in July 2011, a move that Canberra Airport managing director Stephen Byron said raised "serious questions" about the planning process.
"Our position remains that we know that building houses directly under flight paths is just a mindlessly stupid decision, and for there now to be the contemplation that the [federal] Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation act (EPBC) would be side-stepped around to avoid commonwealth scrutiny of the aircraft noise issue is a great concern," Mr Byron said.
However, Mr Winnel said the concerns were an attempt by the Airport to stall development at Tralee.
"It's just another mischievous, self-serving interference in due process, by Canberra Airport. They're looking at every single thing as they have done for 10 years," he said.
"We've got formal advice from an environmental consultant that it does not need referral. In addition, the Council and State Government appointed their [own] consultants. They have not found any need for referral.
"There's nothing of national significance in South Tralee, and the [conservation] land they're referring to is other land that we're not looking at. They've referred to other land being Robin-Environa; we're not looking at Robin-Environa," Mr Winnel said.
A spokesperson from the federal Department of Environment confirmed the department had discussed conservation matters with Village.
"Projects likely to have a significant impact on a matter protected under national environment law ... must be submitted to the federal environment department to see whether federal assessment and approval is needed. Substantial penalties apply to a person who takes such an action without an approval," the spokesperson said.
"The department has provided the proponent with guidance as to whether the proposed project is likely to have a significant impact on a matter protected under national environment law."
Meanwhile, Stephen Byron told the Queanbeyan Age that he felt a responsibility to future generations of Canberrans to prevent Tralee going ahead.
"This goes beyond the ownership of the airport. This is an issue about how an airport serves a community, and how a community is impacted on by its airport.
"What I'm concerned about is that you'll end up with noise sharing, and you'll get 90,000 to 100,000 people offside with the airport, regardless of its ownership.
"We've got a responsibility to future generations to make sure that this sort of appalling decision does not go through," he said.
Despite the opposition, Mr Winnel said he expected construction crews to start work on site this time next year, as previously predicted.
"We don't envisage any delays, because this is all covered by acts [of parliament] and we're in compliance with the acts. Propaganda can't replace the proper operation of an act," he said.

Source URL: http://www.queanbeyanage.com.au/story/1141528/airport-continues-fight-against-tralee/?cs=1277
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 61 ---
Creating image collections with
Home Ideas is quick, easy & free!
This application will not share your Facebook
information with anyone or post anything to
your news feed.
Or, create a new collection
Thinking of renovating or building your dream outdoor living area? Find inspiration in the thousands of photos Home Ideas has selected.

Source URL: http://www.realestate.com.au/home-ideas/results-outdoor+living+areas-tiles-pavers/list-1?sortedBy=mostRecent
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 62 ---
17/61 Queen Street Norwood SA 5067
17/61 Queen Street Norwood
SOLD Open Cancelled "The Jewel of the Crown"
Circa 1985, 2 story, 3 bedroom plus study townhouse.
Features includes separate formal lounge/sitting room. Superb "Hollywood" bathroom, central kitchen with breakfast bar overlooking casual meals/family room opening out to a delightful courtyard an ideal BBQ setting.
Separate laundry, 2nd toilet, ducted r/c a/c throughout, lock up garage & ample balcony options.
Manicured group with excellent secure setting only a short stroll to the vibrant Parade, home to some of Adelaide's finest boutique shopping & restaurants.
Agents note - Excellent for university students living away from home.
Please call Richard Conroy on 0466 896 889 for more details.
Property No. 109670251
Page Visits: 1,765
- General Features
- Property Type:Townhouse
- Indoor Features
- Air Conditioning
- Outdoor Features
- Garage Spaces:1
- Other Features
- formal lounge, modern bathroom, modern kitchen, close to shops, close to transport
Floorplans & Interactive Tours
Suburb Profile Information for Norwood
This graph indicates the movement of the Median Unit Price in Norwood over the past 12 months
For more detailed information on Norwood's median unit price, as well as demand trends, visit our Norwood Suburb Profile page.
Prepared by Local Sales
|Sale Type||Sale Date|
|51 Margaret St||$455,000||3||Normal Sale||07/05/13|
|2/133 Kensington Rd||$415,500||3||Auction||03/05/13|
|6/25 Osmond Tce||$480,000||2||Auction||30/04/13|
|19 Rosemont St||$550,500||3||Auction||20/04/13|
|4/18 William St||$270,000||2||Normal Sale||12/04/13|
|3/17 Stephen St||$589,000||3||Normal Sale||09/04/13|
|20/62 William St||$222,000||1||Normal Sale||05/04/13|
|10/11 King St||$468,000||3||Normal Sale||05/04/13|
|2/9 Margaret St||$433,500||2||Normal Sale||03/04/13|
|1/16 Osmond Tce||$635,000||3||Normal Sale||02/04/13|
This information has been obtained by RP Data and is subject to the following copyright:
RP Data Notice/Disclaimer
© 2013 Copyright RP Data Ltd, Local, State, Commonwealth Govt. All rights reserved. No reproduction, distribution, or transmission of the copyrighted materials at this site is permitted. The information provided is deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
South Australia Notice/Disclaimer
© 2013 Copyright in this information belongs to the South Australian Government and the South Australian Government does not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information.

Source URL: http://www.realestate.com.au/property-townhouse-sa-norwood-109670251
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 63 ---
A reason why retailers are finding it difficult to integrate themselves into the digital space is because there’s a lack of skills. Tim Beveridge explains how to get your staff digitally skilled.
Marketing solutions company Responsys has revealed Australian digital markets are increasingly savvy but there’s increasingly a widening gap in digital expertise.
Responsys, together with Econsultancy, have conducted their first cross-channel marketing report that shows a snapshot of how global companies are integrating mobile into their marketing and advertising campaigns in 2012.
The Big Australian Report show that 100 per cent of marketers are sending emails to customers and members despite the increase use of mobile and social channels.

Source URL: http://www.retailbiz.com.au/index.php?screen=tags&tag=responsys&type=content
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 64 ---
FREE POSTAGE within Australia for orders over $100.
Orders under $100 will incur a $9.95 shipping fee.
Sorry, we currently don’t ship internationally.
Delivery times are dependent on your location but are typically 2-4 working days within Australia.
All goods will be delivered by Australian Air Express (AAE) and require a signature upon receipt. Therefore, we recommend you provide an address where you will be located during office hours. No delivery will therefore be permitted to a Postal Box.

Source URL: http://www.seafolly.com.au/accessories/towels/pool-towel-32947.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 65 ---
An outstanding track record in the management of health, safety and environmental responsibility
As Australia's largest privately owned shipping company we provide freight shipping services to your door
Our north Queensland-based sea freight, cargo shipping and logistics fleet provide unmatched capability and service
We support projects and activities which strengthen the community
With our depth of regional experience and our vast scope of services, Sea Swift is the industry pace setter in marine transport in northern Australia. Our fleet of purpose-designed vessels
delivers vital supplies and services to remote island and coastal communities and resource development outposts. Sea Swift – since 1987.
Nothing is more important to us than the wellbeing of people, and the integrity of the goods and equipment with which we are entrusted.

Source URL: http://www.seaswift.com.au/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 66 ---
Grand Final top five: surprise selections
The top five surprise grand-final selections:
1 John Rheinberger 1975
Rheinberger had come off the bench for Eastern Suburbs in the preliminary final but the 1975 decider was his only start in first grade - before or since. He was an unknown in a star-studded cast. It was a master coaching ploy because it forced the already over-confident Roosters to allow for him. Easts won 38-0.
2 Paul Osborne 1994
Big Canberra prop Osborne had been out of first grade for weeks due to injury but when New Zealander John Lomax was suspended, the Raiders shocked many by recalling him for the biggest game of the season. Osborne had a charmed afternoon at the Sydney Football Stadium, laying on the first two tries as Canberra legend Mal Meninga was sent out a 36-12 winner. Osborne is a former Canberra politician and an ABC commentator with an expanding family.
3 Matt Geyer 1999
With brilliant five-eighth Scott Hill injured and the coach's son, Ben Anderson, sacked by club officials, Chris Anderson was forced to switch Matt Geyer from the wing to the pivot position. Although Geyer had played there as a schoolboy, he had little first-grade experience in the No.6 jumper. He helped form an effective combination between the forwards and backs in the Storm's 20-18 win.
4 Matt Callinan 1985
Bulldogs winger Callinan played only 12 first-grade games - but one of them was the 7-6 win over St George in the 1985 decider. Originally from Wingham, he started the year playing for Lakes United and starred against the Dogs in a trial match. From there, he won a contract in Sydney. Two tries in a 26-0 semi-final win over great rivals Parramatta meant he kept his starting spot for the tightest of deciders.
5 Anthony Collela 1997
Another player to get his chance thanks to a suspension, Collela played for Manly in the 1997 ARL decider when former Kangaroo Jim Serdaris was suspended. The durable rake who played plenty of first grade before finishing his career in Britain would have got a premiership ring, too - had Newcastle's Andrew Johns not worked his magic to put Darren Albert over for that fateful try in the 22-16 Knights victory.

Source URL: http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2004/09/28/1096137243476.html?from=storylhs
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 67 ---
Credit up: pressure mounts for rate rise
After another upward surprise in economic data today, economists suspect the alarm bells are starting to ring at the Reserve Bank of Australia for higher interest rates.
The central bank today reported private sector credit rose a solid 1.1 per cent in December, taking year-on-year growth to 12.5 per cent.
This compares to a general market consensus for a rise of 0.9 per cent in the month, and comes just ahead of tomorrow's RBA board meeting on rates.
RBC senior economist Michael Every said the figures were the latest in a series of recent upside data surprises which would make the RBA even more concerned.
While no interest rate adjustment is expected this week, Mr Every said the RBA's Statement On Monetary Policy, due next Monday, would leave the market and consumers in no doubt that rates will rise if necessary.
The official cash rate has stood at 5.25 per cent for more than a year and most economists are tipping it to hold for at least another month.
Today's figures also showed housing credit grew by 1.1 per cent in December, adding to concern about a pick in housing activity, while other personal credit rose 1.2 per cent.
SG chief economist Glenn Maguire said the credit figures should make the central bank lean towards lifting interest rates, after last week's 0.8 per cent rise in the December quarter CPI showed inflation was on the march.
Mr Maguire said credit growth in Australia was entrenched above the RBA's preferred moderating scenario and clear evidence of an acceleration was a concern.
"Looking at monthly movements in housing credit we can see a strengthening," he said.
Mr Maguire said the Reserve Bank had a clear tightening bias after delivering several hawkish statements and speeches.
"As the December credit aggregates reveal for housing in particular, this 'jawboning' of the market appears to have been of little effect," he said.
"The Bank has clearly said that it is more than likely rates will have to rise further in the course of this economic cycle.
"Credit and inflation data strongly suggest that time is now."
Mr Maguire said a 25 basis point rate hike, following tomorrow's board meeting was more than justified on current macroeconomic grounds.
National Australia bank economist markets Kristina Jawerth said interest rates were on hold, thanks to a slowing domestic economy, a continued drag from net exports and a higher currency, but the risks were for higher rates.
"The latest housing finance data for November, showing a rebound in lending, might be signalling an end to the downtrend in credit growth, if a resurgence in lending is confirmed in coming months," she said.

Source URL: http://www.smh.com.au/news/Business/Credit-up-pressure-mounts-for-rate-rise/2005/01/31/1107020313238.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 68 ---
Marissa Calligeros, Judith Ireland and James Robertson 2:59pm
Kevin Rudd has denied hiding his true beliefs about same-sex marriage while he was prime minister, saying his current stance was the result of a ''personal journey''.
National Times Home Page - Political News More Political News
Victoria has rated its chances of signing up to the Gonski school funding reforms as 50/50 and denied facing pressure from Opposition Leader Tony Abbott to shun a deal.
UPDATE An Australian executive has been sentenced to 10 years jail in Dubai but his junior colleague acquitted in a spectacular climax to their four-year battle against property fraud charges.
Indonesian police arrest another alleged people smuggler as part of the most concerted effort in years to catch and lock up those who transport refugees by boat to Australia.
The columnists More Columnists
It seems the Prime Minister is on her own when it comes to an education ''crusade''.
11:27am The importance of Kevin Rudd's change of heart on marriage equality can't be overestimated.
Premier Barry O'Farrell is a proud follower of Robert Menzies (1894 to 1978), the founder of the modern Liberal Party.
Budget time: a bitter one for some and sweet for others.

Source URL: http://www.smh.com.au/opinion/&sa=x&ei=qoa9tk6kmonu0wt5t_dddg&ved...e107_themes/contac/by/john-brumby
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 69 ---
Scotland's 'loony dookers' have started 2013 with a splash, as 1100 bathers took to the water to welcome in the new year.
Countries all across the world have welcomed 2013 with spectacular fireworks displays.
The 100-metre-high New Century Global Centre in Chengdu is a symbol of the spread of China's boom, 500m long and 400m wide, with 1.
Frankston is Australia's home of sand sculpting. This year the exhibition on Frankston's shore, 'Under the Sea', drew professional sculptors from all over the world.
Santa Claus is coming.
As shown in this collection of photos from around the world, Santa has been busy in the build up to Christmas. Despite his tight schedule, he promises to arrive on time Christmas day.
Melbourne Aquarium has unveiled a new exhibit which features bright, weird and wonderful species from the Seahorse family.
Celebrity Solstice was the first ship in the Solstice class, and at the time she was launched, held the record for the largest cruise ship ever built in Germany, however, her record was surpassed in...
Locals and tourist flock to Rio de Janeiro's famous beaches as summer arrives early and temperatures soar.
Japanese macaque, commonly referred to as "snow monkeys", relax next to an open-air hot spring bath, or "onsen" at the Jigokudani (Hell's Valley) Monkey Park in the town of Yamanouchi, Nagano...
Santa makes a splash
Santa makes a splash at aquariums and water parks around the world as Christmas approaches.
Nearly 400 divers and snorkelers have spent the past two weeks discovering whether or not there really are plenty more fish in the sea - by counting them.
Snow has blanketed many parts of Europe with meteorologists forecasting even more in the coming days.
Indonesia correspondent Michael Bachelard explores schoolies week in Bali, as young revellers come to play in increasing numbers.
Age photographer Angela Wylie takes a ride on Melbourne's first city loop water taxi. The historic wooden boat, The Grower carries 43 passengers and will commence service September 1, linking WTC...
Under the lens
One week in a black neighbourhood in Los Angeles, the next in the bright lights and buzz of Tokyo ... Louise Hawson continues her photographic journey of the world's back streets.
More than 4000kg of fruits are used during the annual Monkey Buffet Festival, an event to promote tourism at the Pra Prang Sam Yot temple in Lopburi province, 150 km north of Bangkok.
2012 marks the 80th Anniversary of the construction of Victoria's Great Ocean Road.
The 86th annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade kicked off in New York, putting a festive mood in the air in a city still coping with the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy.
The $500 million Voyager of the Seas will become the largest cruise ship ever to call Australia home when it arrives in Sydney.
Pushkar Fair Festival 2012. Pushkar is a sacred town for the Hindus in Rajasthan, where an annual five-day camel and livestock fair is held.

Source URL: http://www.smh.com.au/travel/type/photogallery?offset=100
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 70 ---
CALL US NOW: +61 (0)2 8006 0976
snowboard Improver Camps
Everyone knows that snowboarding is the world’s coolest sport but you have to be a sick rider if you want to hold it down. Carving down the slopes is all very well but, if you want to raise the bar, you have to broaden your skill set by pushing your snowboarding and adapting your riding to the conditions and terrain. We’re going to spend a lot of time in the park, throwing down a variety of spins, flips & grabs and sliding a ton of rails. We’re going to head out into the backcountry and ride whatever we find there…powder, cliff drops and touring as well as learning about the amazing backcountry environment.
SnowSkool snowboard camps are located in Europe and Canada. Three Valleys in France and Banff in Canada are two of the world’s best snowboard resorts in the world for snowboard training courses. The snowfall is such that we can run specific training weeks – such as powder weeks – without concern that the right snow conditions are in play. Secondly, both resorts have fantastic on-piste terrain but, more importantly, backcountry and freeride terrain that make up two of the world’s greatest on-snow playgrounds.
Let it be known that the fact that both Three Valleys and Banff have insane après-ski scenes is very little to do with our choice of resort.
Snowboard Camp Holidays
The SnowSkool snowboard camps in the Three Valleys, France and Banff, Canada are set up as a series of weekly modules that allow you to focus your snowboard training in areas that may need a little shoring up – it’s hard to admit it but that is why you’re with us! If you’ve spent half your life sliding rails but have no skill in the half-pipe, then join us for the week where we learn to ride pipe. Or if you can hard-carve a black run scraping your hand on the ground but fall to pieces in the bumpy stuff, let us know and we’ll sort it. So you can join us for a week of pipe-riding, a week of bumps-training or a week of backcountry touring. Come stay for one week, two weeks, three weeks or more.
Season Long Snowboard Camps
For the ultimate in snowboard training, you can join SnowSkool for the entire ten-week Three Valleys course or the thirteen-week Banff programme. On these snowboard courses, no stone is left unturned and you will be riding with steez for sure. In putting together this schedule, the SnowSkool team have been joined by two freestyle snowboard specialists, an IFMGA mountain guide and four top-class snowboard instructors. All along the way, we have consulted recreational snowboarders from beginners to advanced riders to make sure that we are supplying snowboard training that the people want.

Source URL: http://www.snowskool.com.au/snowboard-improver-courses
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 71 ---
Enjoy a weekend getaway or highlight of your Tasmanian tour in the Far South, a true wilderness experience. Southern Forest Cottage is a self-contained two bedroom Celery Top Pine timber cottage in a peaceful forest setting. It is suitable for couples, or families and friends travelling together. It features a large deck, open plan living with wood heater and a well equipped kitchen. We can accommodate six guests in two bedrooms (1 room with a queensize bed and 1 room with a queensize and a bunk bed). There is one bathroom. The forest and native garden setting provides home for many birds, lizards, pademelons and other wildlife and ensures privacy in a relaxing environment. Southern Forest B&B offers traditional hosted accommodation in a separate guest wing. There are three bedrooms with 2 private bathrooms, sunny guest deck, CD player, inspiring library and games. Be surprised with a breakfast that offers you homegrown produce, free range eggs, Tasmanian Salmon, tasty Birchermuesli with local fruit and berries in season and homemade bread and jams. Enjoy your afternoon tea (with homemade goodies) on the guest deck amongst the trees and watch the birds. You may even spot Pademelons, Possums and Bandicoots at dusk. Southport is a lovely small fishing town and has some great beaches and walking tracks along the seashore. There is some fantastic scenery with great views of Adamsons Peak and the mountains of the Southwest Wilderness. Not far away are the stunning Hastings Caves and Thermal Pool. The Ida Bay railway takes you on a trip through bushland to the beautiful beach of Deep Hole. From there you can hike to the Southport Lagoon conservation area. This is a bushwalkers haven with numerous walks ranging from easy to strenuous. A trip to historic Recherche Bay and Cockle Creek rewards nature lovers. Beautiful bays with cristal clear water and great views. At the end of the road begins the Southcoast Track into the Wilderness. The 4 hr return day walk to South Cape Bay is a highlight. Steve and Barbara, your hosts are more than happy to give you heaps of local information. We are looking forward to welcome you as our guests.

Source URL: http://www.tasmania-accommodation.com.au/southport/accommodation
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 72 ---
Just four nations are represented in the final XI of the Herald's team of 2012. That is not because the selection panel (of one) has a narrow view of the world but it does reflect the concentration of power among a handful of Test countries, while the bottom six struggle.
Just one player from India commands selection, a consequence of that country's slide into complacency when it comes to Test cricket, and of a sobering home defeat to England.
There is no real bolter in the team this year, though the inclusion Virat Kohli reflects the need to plan for the future. To use a buzz acronym from the Argus review, South Africa's unflappable and adaptable Faf du Plessis is a PONI (Player of National Interest), who we hope will blossom in 2013. Du Plessis had a great deal to do with the Proteas keeping the No.1 ranking out of Australia's grasp, but he is just two Tests into his career. Look out for him in next year's team.
South Africa and England command seven places between them and it was a stretch to omit Graeme Smith, who scored more than 800 runs and, intent on an extended period of supremacy, led his team to series wins in England and Australia.
Australia wasn't represented last year but are a team on the up and have contributed three players in 2012 including Michael Clarke, who is at the peak of his powers and will captain the side.
In keeping with modern trends, the fast bowling attack is picked from a platoon of paceman, with Vernon Philander on the fringe, but three of the most durable quicks in the world make the final cut, so there should be no need for rotations.
Herald's team of 2012
1. Alastair Cook (England)
Seldom can there have been a more seamless transition from one captain to the next. A daunting first assignment in India was no sweat - he seriously doesn't perspire - and produced three high-class centuries and England's first series win in almost three decades.
2. Hashim Amla (South Africa)
Though he doesn't open for South Africa, Amla is well-equipped to face the new ball and has a serene temperament that makes sledging useless. Slaughtered Australia's makeshift attack in Perth, combining with Smith for a staggering 206 runs in a session. He must not, under any circumstances, bowl.
3. Jacques Kallis (South Africa)
Kallis brings balance to this team. What a luxury, to have a man with a batting average of 57 and 280 Test wickets in the top four. Emphasised his class and courage in Australia this summer, with important innings while hurt. His outswinger to Ricky Ponting in Adelaide arguably ended the champion's career.
4. Michael Clarke (Australia)
Clarke is the first man picked, with three double centuries, an average of 106, and more runs in 2012 than any Australian has scored in a calendar year. He is bumped up a spot to allow for the intiation of Kohli at six. Clarke shades Cook for captain gig because he has led an evolving team to seven wins from 11 matches.
5. Mike Hussey (Australia)
His sudden retirement leaves us wanting more, much more. Risks being overshadowed by Clarke in this team, but he's used to that. Edges out Kevin Pietersen on the strength of a superior average and is a better team man. Will lead the team song.
6.Virat Kohli (India)
The last specialist batting spot goes to a rising player who started the year as India's leading runscorer against Australia, and later fought through a difficult patch to finish with a mature century against England. Still has a bit to learn, including a more gracious on-field demeanour.
7. Matt Prior (England)
Dismissals: 36 (29 ct, 7 st)
Led the world's glovemen with 36 dismissals in Tests this year, well clear of Australia's Matthew Wade and the West Indies' Dinesh Ramdin. Played some pivotal innings in India, and can score at a rapid rate.
8. Graeme Swann (England)
Strike rate: 64.5
Best innings: 6-82
Best match: 12-171
This is a contentious spot, as Swann was shaded by fellow Englishman Monty Panesar in India, while Sri Lanka's Rangana Herath had a statisically superior year. But Swann is a better all-round cricketer than both, and effective on unresponsive English pitches.
9. Peter Siddle (Australia)
Strike rate: 47.3
Best innings: 5-49
Best match: 9-104
A year of vegetarianism did not take the edge off his endurance or aggression. He can perform the grunt work in long spells while Steyn and Anderson are saved for short bursts of fast swing bowling. As Siddle showed against South Africa in Adelaide, he is the heart and soul of the attack.
10. Dale Steyn (South Africa)
Strike rate: 58.5
Best innings: 5-56
Best match: 7-112
His figures this year were not the most spectacular, but he psyched himself up for when South Africa needed him most, and produced the best ball of the summer to dismiss Michael Clarke in Perth. Forms a fearsome new-ball double act with Anderson.
11. James Anderson (England)
Strike rate: 70.7
Best innings: 5-72
Best match: 6-116
Anderson is the best-performed fast bowler in the world this year and, in an era of rotations, bowled more overs than anyone, without breaking down. His performances in India suggest he doesn't need favourable conditions to be effective.
12th Man. Rangana Herath (Sri Lanka)
Strike rate: 53.7
Best innings: 6-43
Best match: 12-171
It's difficult to overlook 60 wickets at 23.61. An excellent second spin option if conditions permit.

Source URL: http://www.theadvocate.com.au/story/1211618/this-eleven-is-oceans-apart-from-rest-of-cricket-world/?cs=12
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 73 ---
Australia's greatest games as gold hits 17
This is how Australia’s golden Games unfolded
SWIMMING Men’s 400m freestyle — Ian ThorpeThorpe appeared emotional in the pool as he retained the 400 metres title. Reinstated to the team after falling from the blocks in the trials, Thorpe was cheered on by the man who stepped aside for him, Craig Stevens. Grant Hackett pushed his teammate all the way, but there was no denying Thorpe the gold medal.
‘‘The people I swam it for was the person who gave me the opportunity in this race, Craig Stevens, and I was thinking about him, about my coach Tracey Menzies, my family, all of the people that this means something to, and all of the people who have been prepared to support me in the lead-up to this through the tough times.’’ — Ian Thorpe
SWIMMING Women’s 4 x 100m freestyle relay — Alice Mills, Lisbeth Lenton, Petria Thomas, Jodie Henry
Veteran Thomas combined with the youthful might of Australian women’s swimming to kickstart their campaign with a roar. Jodie Henrymade up a body length on the final leg in record time to finish off a world-record swim and announce the Australian women as the real deal in the pool.
‘‘I’ve got a full set of Olympic medals now.’’ — Petria Thomas
DAY 2CYCLING Women’s road race — Sara Carrigan
In furnace conditions, Carrigan stuck to the lead all day before outsprinting Germany’s Judith Arndt in the final 100 metres. Carrigan thanked teammates including Oenone Wood for aiding her cause during the race.
‘‘That was absolutely awesome . . . it was my turn today.’’ — Sara Carrigan
SWIMMING Women’s 100m butterfly — Petria Thomas
One of the most popular victories among swimming fans as the likeable Thomas finally earned the individual gold medal she so richly deserved. Holding off Dutch star Inge de Bruijn, Thomas came home in the 100 despite being considered better over the 200 distance.
‘‘An Olympic gold medal is something you work your whole life for and now I’ve got two of them.’’ — Petria Thomas
DAY 3SHOOTING Women’s trap — Suzanne Balogh
Ranked 20th in the world before the Games, Balogh used the comments of an official she would not name, who told her she was ‘‘too old and too talentless’’, to drive herself to a goldmedal performance. A fifth gold medal put Australia briefly at the top of the medal table before China struck back.
‘‘I’ve tried to prove them wrong and I have. I won’t mention names, but it was someone who inspired me.’’ — Suzanne Balogh
SWIMMING Men’s 200m freestyle — Ian Thorpe
Promoted as the race of the century, Thorpe said he won this one for himself as he defeated the man who touched him out in Sydney, Pieter van den Hoogenband, along with US superstar Michael Phelps and Grant Hackett. Simply superb, Thorpe took the mantle of the world’s best swimmer in this race. And with five Olympic gold medals, Thorpe now had more than any other Australian athlete in history.
‘‘I think this one was more for me, than other people. It was a great result for myself.’’ — Ian Thorpe
DAY 6SWIMMING Women’s 100m freestyle — Jodie Henry
Modest and engaging, Henry became the new darling of Australian swimming in Athens, with a world record in the semi-final of this event, and crowning herself with the gold medal in the final. Defeating the previous Olympic champion Inge de Bruijn, who tried to stare her down, Henry enjoyed herself and seemed almost oblivious to the significance of her achievement.
‘‘It’s just a sport. It’s great to have a gold medal but, you know, the people I go home to will be the same people I went away from.’’ — Jodie Henry
DAY 7CYCLING Women’s track 500m time-trial — Anna Meares
Meares set a world record with a blistering two laps after arriving in Athens as the reigning world champion. Proudly declaring herself a coal miner’s daughter from Queensland, Meares was inspired to compete as a child when watching former Australian cyclist Kathy Watt.
‘‘I never dreamed of a world record; I’m over the moon, actually. I’ll remember this for the rest of my life.’’ — Anna Meares
ROWING Men’s pair — Drew Ginn, James Tomkins
Four years after injury cruelled their chances in Sydney, Tomkins claimed his third gold medal and Ginn his second. Ginn, formerly a high school student of Tomkins, received a back injury in 2000 and tearfully accepted his 2004 gold after the two dominated the race.
‘‘The human spirit can overcome many things, I didn’t see any way that I was going to be back here again, let alone in a rowing boat.’’ — Drew Ginn
SWIMMING Men’s 1500m freestyle — Grant Hackett
Rumours before the race that Hackett was slightly unwell were confirmed afterwards by the gold medallist himself, yet the defending champion managed to stave off strong swims from US and British athletes to turn in an outstanding final lap and set an Olympic record. Hackett, who was beaten in his heat, celebrated wildly after leaving the pool, and with the win he became one of just five Australians who have defended an Olympic title.
‘‘They’re not making the next four years easy, but I’ll be there in Beijing.’’ — Grant Hackett
SWIMMING Women’s 4 x 100m medley relay — Giaan Rooney, Leisel Jones, Petria Thomas, Jodie Henry
An Australian-record backstroke leg by Giaan Rooney, a big effort from Leisel Jones in the breaststroke, then came two swimmers who had already starred in individual events, to finish off the US threat and smash another world record. Thomas turned in an amazing butterfly leg to give Henry a chance, and yet another awesome swim sealed the deal.
‘‘I knew if I could get Jodie to within a metre or so we would win. It was awesome, we smashed that record.’’ — Petria Thomas.
DIVING Women’s 10m platform — Chantelle Newbery
A superb final three dives secured Australia’s first Olympic diving gold medal since the Paris 1924 Olympic Games, with Newbery adding to the family haul, after already claiming a bronze herself and husband and fellow diver Robert Newbery adding two bronze.
‘‘I was very scared, I can tell you that. My last dive is my best dive — that’s why it’s my last dive — and I just tried not to think about gold, silver or bronze.’’ — Chantelle Newbery
DAY 10CYCLING Men’s track team pursuit — Graeme Brown, Brett Lancaster, Brad McGee, Luke Roberts
Ominous form in the first round took this combination to a world record, before heading into the final to easily defeat Great Britain. The win came 20 years after the previous victory for Australia in this event, and secured the best-ever Olympic cycling haul, but more was to come.
‘‘It’s an unbelievable feeling to achieve your dream.’’ — Luke Roberts
DAY 11CYCLING Men’s track sprint — Ryan Bayley
Anger drove Ryan Bayley to claim Australia’s fourth cycling gold, as he managed to dig deep and defeat Theo Bos in the final after earlier losing his first sprint to the Dutch rider. The rivalry with Bos is intense and narrow margins secured Bayley’s first gold.
‘‘After the first race, I got off my bike, got very aggro, got very pissed off, which for Theo is bad news. When I get pissed off I get really fast.’’ — Ryan Bayley
DAY 12CYCLING Men’s track madison — Graeme Brown, Stuart O’Grady
O’Grady claimed gold at his fourth Olympics, returning to track cycling after a four-year break, while Brown earned his second gold in Athens.
O’Grady was controversially drafted into the team late, but proved selectors right as the two combined beautifully to claim a record sixth cycling gold.
‘‘Since I was 18 in Barcelona, the hunger’s never gone out. It’s something I’ve always wanted.’’ — Stuart O’Grady
CYCLING Men’s track keirin — Ryan Bayley
Fuelled by junk food, Bayley backed up to power home easily in the heats before producing a devastating surge over the last two laps in the final, dominating the keirin for his second gold.
‘‘This is insane.’’ — Ryan Bayley
HOCKEY Men — Michael Brennan, Travis Brooks, Dean Butler, Liam De Young, Jamie Dwyer, Nathan Eglington, Troy Elder, Bevan George, Robert Hammond, Mark Hickman, Mark Knowles, Brent Livermore, Michael McCann, Stephen Mowlam, Grant Schubert, Matthew Wells.
After sitting in the shadow of the successful women’s team for so long, a courageous golden-goal 2-1 victory over the Netherlands to secure gold finally shook the monkey off the back of the men’s team. A huge victory after 48 barren years at the top for the men’s team.
‘‘There is no more history that we are bridesmaids, so you can stop asking that question and we can hold that gold medal around our necks for four years.’’ — Jamie Dwyer
Let’s not forget the 16 silvers . . .
ATHLETICS 4 x 400m relay — John Steffensen, Mark Ormrod, Patrick Dwyer, Clinton Hill
Craig Anderson, Thomas Brice, Adrian Burnside, Gavin Fingleson, Paul Gonzalez, Nick Kimpton, Brendan Kingman, Craig Lewis, Graeme Lloyd, David Nilsson, Trent Oeltjen, Wayne Ough, Chris Oxspring, Brett Roneberg, Ryan Rowland Smith, John Stephens, Phillip Stockman, Brett Tamburrino, Richard Thompson, Andrew Utting, Rodney van Buizen, Ben Wigmore, Glenn Williams, Jeff Williams
Women — Suzy Batkovic, Sandra Brondello, Trish Fallon, Kristi Harrower, Lauren Jackson, Natalie Porter, Alicia Poto, Belinda Snell, Rachael Sporn, Laura Summerton, Penelope Taylor, Allison Tranquilli.
Men’s K1 500 — Nathan Baggaley
Men’s K2 500 — Nathan Baggaley, Clint Robinson
4000m individual pursuit — Brad McGee
3000m individual pursuit — Katie Mactier
10m Platform — Mathew Helm
Lightweight four — Glen Loftus, Anthony Edwards, Ben Cureton, Simon Burgess
Sandra Allen, Marissa Carpadios, Fiona Crawford, Amanda Doman, Peta Edebone, Tanya Harding, Natalie Hodgskin, Simmone Morrow, Tracey Mosley, Stacey Porter, Melanie Roche, Natalie Titcume, Natalie Ward, Brooke Wilkins, Kerry Wyborn
400m freestyle — Grant Hackett
100m breaststroke — Brooke Hanson
200m breaststroke — Leisel Jones
200m butterfly —Petria Thomas
4 x 200m freestyle relay — Nic Sprenger, Ian Thorpe, Michael Klim, Grant Hackett
Women’s — Loretta Harrop
And the 16 bronze . . .
Individual — Tim Cuddihy
20km walk — Nathan Deakes
20km walk — Jane Saville
Sprint — Anna Meares
Keirin — Shane Kelly
Synchronised 3m springboard — Irina Lashko, Chantelle Newbery
Synchronised 3m springboard — Robert Newbery, Steven Barnett
Synchronised 10m platform — Robert Newbery, Matthew Helm
10m platform — Loudy Tourky
Men’s eight — Stefan Szczurowski, Stuart Reside, Stuart Welch, James Stewart, Geoff Stewart, Boden Hanson, Mike McKay, Steve Stewart, Michael Toon (cox)
Quad sculls — Amber Bradley, Dana Faletic, Kerry Hore, Rebecca Sattin
Trap — Adam Vella
50m freestyle — Libby Lenton
100m freestyle — Ian Thorpe
100m breaststroke — Leisel Jones
Singles — Alicia Molik

Source URL: http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2004/08/31/1093852187149.html?from=storylhs
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 74 ---
Telstra denies broadband claim
Telstra has denied claims by wireless broadband company Unwired that the telco giant is in danger of being left behind in the wireless broadband market.
Unwired, which plans to expand its broadband network nationally beyond Sydney, said Telstra is too focused on its copper network supplying fixed line phone services to commercial and residential premises.
But Ted Pretty, Telstra group managing director of Technology Innovation and Products, said the telco's mobile broadband plans were ahead of forecast.
He said mobile CDMA broadband coverage was currently available through more than 400 CDMA base stations around the country, providing service to almost three million people.
Telstra also expects to have another 300 CDMA base stations this month providing 5.3 million people living in selected metropolitan areas and regional centres access to mobile broadband coverage.
"Importantly, Telstra's Mobile Broadband data traffic has also continued to climb, growing 51 per cent month-on-month, since we launched the service (in November 2004)," Mr Pretty said.
Telstra also says growth in its fixed line broadband underpinned the value of its network.
"The majority of services we are selling now are ADSL (fixed line broadband), which builds upon the fundamental importance of the fixed line network providing broadband's baseload," said BigPond managing director Justin Milne.
Telstra last week said it had signed up its 800,000th BigPond broadband customer, increasing its lead by 300,000 since April, and that it would soon be offering a retail wireless broadband product.
"While BigPond soon will be entering the wireless broadband market, the vast majority of our customers will be serviced over the existing copper network," Mr Milne said.
Telstra, which has named US telco market veteran Solomon Trujillo as its new chief executive, is faced with declining fixed line revenues in a highly competitive market where it is fighting to build its mobile market share.

Source URL: http://www.theage.com.au/news/Breaking/Telstra-denies-broadband-claim/2005/06/14/1118645785930.html?from=moreStories
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 75 ---
All jokes aside, there’s nothing funny about obesity
Someone I love very much is fat. Really fat. Technically, you’d say he’s morbidly obese, but “morbid” actually means “gruesome” or “being unduly interested in death”, which doesn’t apply to my friend at all. At least, I don’t think it does.
It’s hard to tell, because fat people don’t talk about being fat. Sure, they’re the first to dub themselves “chubster” or “jelly belly”, or “Sir Cumference” or “Lord of the Fries”. But it’s a tactic – much the same way gay people adopted “queer”, thereby cleverly disempowering the homophobes who tried to beat them with it.
It’s as if Roseanne Barr single-handedly silenced the plus-sized world when she said, “So you’re fat? Just be fat and shut up about it.” Well, she is wrong. (And not very funny. Much funnier is Dawn French, who says she’d have been a famous model had she been around when Rubens was painting. Kate Moss? She’d have been the paintbrush.)
Seriously, though, we need to talk about obesity. On a personal – not just policy – level. It’s all very well assembling taskforces and calling for bans on junk food ads, but if we’re not prepared to embrace it in a grassroots, one-on-one, “I love you, but I’m terrified you’re going to die” sort of way, we may as well succumb to death by burger.
If you’re fat, you’re going to look at my picture and think, what would she know? Fair enough. But I’m not wagging my finger, moaning about the blight on our health system and suggesting we put junk food in packaging decorated with images of clogged arteries. Talkback radio has that covered.
What I’m advocating is that we stop ignoring the elephant in the room. That, among families and friends, we acknowledge the battle and heartache that is obesity. Because I’d hazard a guess that the more you take your comfort from food, the less you take it from somewhere else.
A recent survey in the US revealed one in six women would rather be blind than fat. Another found that a third of women would trade at least a year of their lives to have the perfect body. Both are hideous sentiments, but also a measure of the slow, quiet desperation felt by those trapped by their girth.
New predictions that 83 per cent of Aussie men and 75 per cent of women will be overweight or obese by 2025 suggest that our strategies to stem the problem are failing. But new research also shows that our social networks have a huge bearing on obesity; if someone close to you becomes obese, your chances of joining them increase by up to 71 per cent, because people who socialise together tend to have similar eating and exercise habits.
It sounds simple, but what if we started talking? What if one woman said to her friends, “Let’s take champagne and go for a bushwalk to celebrate my birthday, rather than booking a restaurant.” What if the man I saw being innocently asked by his son why he was so fat actually bothered to answer him?
I once gathered 22 former Biggest Loser contestants for a photoshoot and saw first-hand the strength and freedom they’d gained by being open about their weight. They’d shed more than a tonne between them, but it was their shared stories (including a recipe for lettuce-wrapped burritos) that were inspiring. One modelled a bikini. “The last time I could fit into a bikini, I was four,” she told me, brushing away tears.
Talk of obesity doesn’t have to be patronising or preachy. Next time my fat friend jokes he’s in shape because “round is a shape”, I’ll probably still laugh. But I might gently ask if he’d ever like to be a rectangle.
Read all about it
Up to the minute Twitter chatter
@Drag0nista Can't see it bring re l 'ship Cos lots of Ruddites don't back gay marriage (Joel, Bowen) and lot of Gillardians do.
KRudd gives marriage equality folk hope, but odds still against it passing on June 6. http://t.co/QmQffMkSvH
The latest and greatest
Good morning Punchers. After four years of excellent fun and great conversation, this is the final post…
I have had some close calls, one that involved what looked to me like an AK47 pointed my way, followed…
In a world in which there are still people who subscribe to the vile notion that certain victims of sexual…

Source URL: http://www.thepunch.com.au/articles/All-jokes-aside-theres-nothing-funny-about-obesity/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 76 ---
The new-look ONE is already hitting significant home runs with viewers. In its first three days of prime-time general entertainment programming, ONE has reached 3.27 million viewers.
With the addition of male skewing general entertainment programming in the prime-time schedule, ONE has already grown its audience by 156% on the same week last year.
This week ONE is averaging 3.4% commercial share in total people and 6.2% commercial share in its target demographic of males 25-54.
Chief programming officer, David Mott said: “We’ve been trialling a general entertainment line-up on ONE since the start of the year. We’re delighted that ONE’s combination of premium sport and prime-time general entertainment programming is already resonating with viewers and advertisers.”
ONE’s Top 5 Programs of the Week
1. FIA Formula One World Championship (Turkey) – 320,000 viewers
2. Cops Adults Only – 173,000 viewers
3. Monday Night AFL – 137,000 viewers
4. Best of Extreme Fishing with Robson Green – 129,000 viewers
5. Ice Road Truckers – 124,000 viewers
This is just the start. There’s plenty more to come with tonight’s premiere of Ewan McGregor’s Long Way Round at 7:30pm, followed by a movie-length episode of the Golden Globe winning, Sons of Anarchy at 9:30pm. Next week Ricky Gervais returns to prime-time with An Idiot Abroad airing at 8:30pm on Monday nights.

Source URL: http://www.throng.com.au/2011/05/new-look-one-proving-popular-with-male-viewers/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 77 ---
Proteas whitewash Black Caps 3-0
South Africa have completed a 3-0 whitewash of New Zealand in their one-day cricket series after cruising to an emphatic five-wicket win in Auckland.
Opener Hashim Amla led the run chase on Saturday with 76 as the Proteas, needing 207 for victory, got to 208-5 with 6.4 overs to spare.
New Zealand, in a disappointing batting effort at Eden Park, were bowled out at the end of their 47th over and their total of 206 never looked enough.
They also gave Amla a couple of lives, putting down a chance before he had scored and again when he was on 30, with Kyle Mills the unlucky bowler both times.
Amla got good support from makeshift opener Wayne Parnell and the pair took the score to 80 before Parnell was bowled for 27.
Mills finally did get Amla, who mis-timed a delivery to keeper Brendon McCullum, but at 138-2 in the 28th over, the Proteas were well on the way to victory.
Albie Morkel contributed 41 with some belligerent shots, including three sixes among his five boundaries, to help to keep the scoreboard ticking over.
Rob Nicol picked up two late wickets in removing Faf du Plessis (19) and JP Duminy (25) but skipper AB de Villiers put an exclamation mark on the night with six over long-on to end the contest.
The Black Caps struggled to build momentum during their own innings after being sent in to bat.
Skipper McCullum top-scored with 47, missing out on his third half-century of the series, when he was caught after edging a drive off fast bowler Marchant de Lange.
The middle order of Kane Williamson (22), James Franklin (36) and ODI debutant Colin de Grandhomme (36) all made starts but couldn't produce the big performance New Zealand needed.
De Lange, also making his first ODI appearance, finished with 4-46, while left-arm spinner Robin Peterson took 2-36 from 10 economical overs.
South Africa now have the chance to sweep New Zealand in all forms of the game, having won the Twenty20 series 2-1.
The two sides play the first of three Tests in Dunedin, beginning on Wednesday.
Brought to you by

Source URL: http://www.watoday.com.au/breaking-news-sport/proteas-whitewash-black-caps-30-20120303-1u9e7.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 78 ---
SMEs on the up and up: Thodey
The Australian economy continues to be patchy but small to medium businesses appears to have turned the corner, Telstra chief executive David Thodey says.
Telstra, which added more than 600,000 new local mobile customers in the last six months of 2012, said it had experienced an improvement in sentiment in January as businesses made more investments.
"The general sense of the economy is it's still patchy," Mr Thodey said on Thursday.
"We're seeing a little bit more life in small to medium business."
Telstra's own surveys revealed more confidence appearing in that sector.
However, Mr Thodey said Telstra's business was not as dependent on the economy as some other businesses.
"It's such a critical service people have," he said.
"Consumer confidence was a little bit slower going into Christmas, but January was strong and in the enterprise market you've still got companies making big investments."
The retail sector was slow but financial services were looking at innovative ways to run their businesses.
"It's very mixed, so you can't get a complete sense of what, in other years, we've been able to really talk about, but in general it's steady as we go in my view."
He said that nothing had changed for Telstra in terms of the National Broadband Network.
"We have legislation and a contract in place and that's what we're focused on.
"We talk to all sides of politics as you'd expect, but nothing has changed."
Telstra shares rose on Thursday after the telco lifted its first-half profit and said it was on track to achieve its full-year growth targets.
The company recorded a net profit of $1.6 billion in the six months to December 31, up almost nine per cent on $1.47 billion in the same period in the previous year.
In recent trade, Telstra shares were 7.5 cents higher at $4.65.

Source URL: http://www.watoday.com.au/small-business/smes-on-the-up-and-up-thodey-20130207-2e0in.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 79 ---
|The use of the website is subject to the terms and conditions. |
Oasis Fund Management Ltd (ABN 38 106 045 050, AFSL 274331) (OFM) is the trustee of the Wealthtrac Superannuation Service and issuer of the Wealthtrac Portfolio Service. OnePath Life Limited (ABN 33 009 657 176, AFSL 238341) (OnePath) is the issuer of OneCare, an insurance product offered through this product when available.
Each of OFM and OnePath is a wholly owned subsidiary of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ABN 11 005 357 522) (ANZ). ANZ is an authorised deposit taking institution (Bank) under the Banking Act 1959 (Cth). Although both OFM and OnePath are owned by ANZ neither of them is a Bank. Except as described in the relevant product disclosure statement (PDS), an investment with the issuer or OnePath is not a deposit or other liability of ANZ or its related group companies and none of them stands behind or guarantees the issuer or the capital or performance of an investment. An investment is subject to investment risk, including possible repayment delays and loss of income and principal invested.
This information is current as at 18 August 2011 but may be subject to change. The information is of a general nature and does not take into account an investor's personal needs, financial circumstances or objectives. Before acting on this information, an investor should consider the appropriateness of the information, having regard to their needs, financial circumstances and objectives. An investor should read the relevant PDS available on the webpage or from the contact details listed therein and consider whether that particular product is right for them before making a decision to acquire or continue to hold the product.
OFM recommends you read the terms and conditions of MoneyOne® Online available at www.moneyone.com.au or by calling Client Services. MoneyOne is a registered trade mark of moneyone.com.au Limited (ACN 092 030 352).
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. The issuer does not promise any rate of return or that there will be no capital loss or taxation consequences from investment. Any examples or case studies used here are for illustrative purposes only.

Source URL: http://www.wealthtrac.com.au/Disclaimer
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 80 ---
A NEW Monash University study aims to tackle rural obesity in young women.Monash University women's health researcher Cate Lombard is leading the study, which is set to focus on preventing weight gain rather than treating obesity.
The large-scale research is targeting 900 women aged between 18 and 50 living in 42 small rural communities across Victoria.
And will focus on participants changing their lifestyle and developing a low-cost program that helps women avoid putting on weight.
It's estimated 60 per cent of Australian women are overweight and those in their 20s and 30s are gaining weight faster than other age groups.
"They are often unaware that their yearly weight gain is having a major impact on their health," Dr Lombard said.
"Young women living in rural communities may be at an even higher risk."
Participants will attend a healthy lifestyle information session held locally and report on progress in two years.
Those interested in participating can email firstname.lastname@example.org.

Source URL: http://www.weeklytimesnow.com.au/article/2012/11/29/551477_national-news.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 81 ---
Wine lovers agree, you can’t go past the light, crisp flavours of Pinot Gris and Grigio. The Tasting Panel agrees and has found you a fantastic selection for just $13.99 a bottle.
This all-year-round winner is showcased in this mouth-watering selection, with gems from renowned winemakers Keith Tulloch, Randal Tomich and more on display. The Chain of Ponds Amelia’s Letter Pinot Grigio 2011 has citrus and floral aromas and a slightly nutty, savoury complexity – its crunchy green apple fruit flavours and vibrant, minerally texture make this a ‘Letter’ well worth opening. Another highlight is the Per Diem Keith Tulloch Pinot Gris 2011, which is bursting with musk, pear and elderflower on the nose. Its delicate yet juicy palate features sweet fruit, which is balanced out by a lovely, savoury texture. At just $13.99^ per bottle you would have to agree, this Pinot Gris and Grigio line-up is a wonderful winter option.
This gallant variety displays knightly valour when it comes to its food matching flexibility – making it a year-round favourite. At just $13.99 per bottle don’t be a pawn and miss out on the Knightly Pinot G 6-pack.
Every Shiraz in this impressive 6-pack is on the mark – no 'bounce outs' here! Chosen by the Tasting Panel for their unique mix of warm and cool climate characteristics, they're an authentic taste of Australian Shiraz. Yours for just $15.99 a bottle.

Source URL: http://www.wineselectors.com.au/product/123009-Agree-to-Pinot-G-6-pack/CIN00000077
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 82 ---
Throw out your preconceived notions about poor artists! Today’s creative Australians can turn their artistic talents and creative impulses into home based businesses and fully fledged careers that both satisfy their creative needs as well as paying their family’s bills. Creative work ranges from painting portraits of other Australians to more modern pursuits, such as [...]
Many people would like to work from the comfort of their own homes, to be there for their children, and yet, to still earn a full time living. That is the hope of many, but if you could work from home, doing something that you loved, that would seem like too much to ask, wouldn’t it? That scenario is entirely possible, however. If you are a photographer, you can earn a living by selling your photographs to stock photography sites online.
The internet has created a huge demand for information. Never before has the need for writing been so great. With all that writing comes the need for images. There are quite a few websites which sell stock photos. Stock photos are images that a customer can buy to use one time or many times. The photographer usually retains the copyrights to the photograph.
To sell photography online, you will need a good camera that takes high resolution photographs. Next, put your creativity into gear, and build up a portfolio of fine images. Everybody always seems to want to take the artsy type photos, but stock photographs are really in demand. These are images of everyday items, the types of photographs that a client may need for an advertisement, an article, or even to be printed for packaging. This is not to say that beautiful images are never needed. Anything unique and beautiful will always sell.
When you have a portfolio of nice photographs that represents the good work that you do, you can sign up with several different sites that will sell your images. There are a few different types of websites that will sell your photos:
Stock photography sites that deal in royalty free images will find customers who will pay you to use your photograph, yet you will retain all rights to the image. You could sell the same photograph over and over, and make money, but still have the copyrights to that image.
Rights-managed photography sites will allow you to display your photos, and sell them to whomever wants them, but usually, the copyright is lost.
Print photography sites will display your photographs, and when somebody orders a print of it, the company will print it and ship it, after you upload it to them.
Working from home is the dream of many. Working from home, doing what you love would seem like a fantasy. It is entirely possible, however to work from home, doing what you love, especially if you are a photographer.
Selling Photography Articles:
It’s easier than you think to earn some extra money snapping pictures. If you’ve got access to the internet, a PC and a digital camera you can be on your way to earning cash snapping photos. There are plenty of stock photography sites that enable you to earn money selling your photos online, a few [...]
In this day of ever increasing expenses for a large number of businesses, employing a professional photographer is just not feasible. Looking around, one sees pictures everywhere – magazines, advertisements, flyers, books, leaflets, etc. The millions of websites all use photographs to make them more attractive and appealing to the visitor. The power of a [...]

Source URL: http://www.work-from-home.com.au/sell-photography
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 83 ---
Lifetemp Medic Ear Thermometer Probe Covers for the Lifetemp Medic Ear Thermometer
The LifeTemp Medic Ear thermometer is designed to utilise advanced infrared and ambient temperature compensation technology. This provides the thermometer with the functional self-diagnoses essential for consistently accurate, safe and fast temperature measurements from the ear canal. Other features of this thermometer include the ability to easily switch between Fahrenheit and Celsius Temperature Scales, memory function and fever alarm. The LifeTemp Medic Ear thermometer can complete approx 3,000 temperature readings before battery replacement is required and automatically powers off after 60 seconds of idling to conserve energy.
The battery compartment has been designed to allow quick and easy access without the need of tools to perform battery replacements. In summary, the ergometric design and comprehensive features of the LifeTemp Medic Ear thermometer provides convenience and ease, ideal for either clinical or home use.
Standard Parcels = FREE!

Source URL: http://www.yourdiscountchemist.com.au/medical-aids-devices/thermometers/lifetemp-medic-ear-thermometer-probe-covers-40.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 84 ---
Clear Category Selections
If you have forgotten your password, we'll email you a link, where you can reset your password and create a new one.×
Sort by Popularity
Clear Category Selections
Clear Brand Selections
Choose a price range to search within:
Clear Colour Selections
Clear Material Selections
Clear Style Selections
Clear Area of Use Selections
Clear Type Selections
Road Racer Sky Hook Balancing Toy
The sky hook balancing toy was a piece of art that came alive when set in motion, bringing joy and wonder to young and old alike. The Authentic Model’s Road Racer Sky Hook Balancing Toy, is a faithful and functioning replica of its 18th and 19th century forbearers. Crafted from a sheet of tin, then tenderly hand painted in a layering process over three days, these counter-weighted figures are bound to delight when placed on any shelf or ledge, and set into action.
Half Mile Ray Searchlight Floor Lamp, Silver
Accentuate your home décor with a statement piece using the Half Mile Ray Searchlight from Authentic Models. The light sits atop a rich mahogany frame with tripod footing. The decorative accent combines functionality with style to complement any setting.
Pirate Sky Hook Balancing Toy
The sky hook balancing toy was a piece of art that came alive when set in motion, bringing joy and wonder to young and old alike. The Authentic Model’s Pirate Sky Hook Balancing Toy, is a faithful and functioning replica of its 18th and 19th century forbearers. Crafted from a sheet of tin, then tenderly hand painted in a layering process over three days, these counter-weighted figures are bound to delight when placed on any shelf or ledge, and set into action.
Phrenology Head Inkwell
Get your head around home decorating with the Phrenology Head Inkwell. Original phrenology busts designs were inspired by L.N. Fowler, who studied the correlation between the size of the human skull and the person's character. The distinct bust outlines which parts of the brain are responsible for particular types of behaviour. The Phrenology Head Inkwell is sure to be a conversation starter in your office space.
Union Jack Pond Yacht
Let nautical vibes sail into your home with the Union Jack Pond Yacht. The decorative vessel features the Union Jack flag, and will emanate nostalgic marine charm in any lacklustre area of your home. Inlaid wooden strips and classic boat detail ensure the yacht will be enjoyed and admired by all.
Phrenology Head Model
Get your head around home decorating with the Phrenology Head. Original phrenology busts designs were inspired by L.N. Fowler, who studied the correlation between the size of the human skull and the person's character. The distinct bust outlines which parts of the brain are responsible for particular types of behaviour. Whether in your home office or in the living room the Phrenology Head is sure to be a conversation starter.
Inspired by the lack of space in a Captain’s quarters on long sea journeys, the Captain's Desk is a practical and stylish addition to any office. Made from cherry and maple wood, featuring brass corners as well as a leather top insert, it is a sturdy and striking piece. Including eight drawers and a spacious desktop, the Captain's Desk combines functionality with the current nautical trend.
Captain's Time & Tide Clock, Silver/White
Create a marine-themed haven in your home with the Authentic Models Captain's Time and Tide Clock. The classic cabin accessory is a fully working sailing instrument for the East Coast, ensuring the piece is a functional and decorative addition to any lounge or dining room, whether at sea or on land.
Captain's Clock, Brass
Create a marine-themed haven in your home with the Authentic Models Captain's Clock in Large. The classic cabin accessory is storm- and elements-resistant and the brass case will ensure the piece is a functional and decorative addition to any lounge or dining room, whether at sea or on land.
Madras Travel Desk, Black/Brown
Add a touch of alluring design to your living space with the Madras Travel Desk. Featuring protective brass campaign corners and handles, the desk will be a timeless addition to your home office. The Travel Desk boasts a generous amount of draw space so you can store anything from documents and stationery to your personal treasures.
Stateroom Armoire, Assorted
Display your valuables with antique flair using the Stateroom Armoire. With a turn-of-the-century travel trunk design and custom brass hardware, the striking piece opens up to reveal six drawers and 16 shelves to maintain your keepsakes in order. The nostalgic piece has hand-sewn leather straps and can also be used as a workspace with a foldout shelf. The versatile armoire is sure to add character to any space.
Entertain your guests effortlessly using the Stateroom Bar. With a turn-of-the-century travel trunk design and featuring brass hardware, the striking piece opens up to reveal a two-part bar. Including various drawers and places for all kinds of wine and spirit bottles, the piece is practical as well as charismatic. It also offers a fold-out work shelf, a mirror, and spaces to hang wine glasses. The Stateroom Bar combines functionality with style and has a place in every home.
Stateroom Trunk End Table Ivory
From storage suitcase to table, the Stateroom Trunk End Table will be an eye-catching addition to your home. The piece features brass corners and hardware as well as steamed cherry wood slats for a timeless feel. Inspired by the likes of Victorian luggage, the the Stateroom Trunk End Table embodies the allure of traveller chic.
Collector's Cabinet, Brown
Every collector knows that what they do is an art above, and for such an activity one needs a designated place to exhibit, study and categorise their hoard of curiosities. The solid timber Collector's Cabinet from AM Living is reminiscent of centuries gone by when collecting was, quite frankly, the cultured thing to do. Whether its shells, DVDs or that ever amassing ensemble of bits and bobs, the chest's fourteen deep drawers and large double doored cabinet provide plenty of space to keep all your tawdry treasures in line. Showcasing honey stained cherry tree with brass detailing, the dignified cabinet is sure to bring eclectic allure to your interior.
Library Ladder, Black
Library and ladder are rolled into one with the innovative design of AM Living's Library Ladder. Featuring deep steps, the ladder actually functions as a compact bookcase or unit of display shelving. AM Living's antique inspired design, with two small draws at its base, makes an alluring feature piece that even provides a special place to keep your bookmarks and reading glasses. Standing at 2.4m tall the versatile furnishing is a testament to the legendary libraries of days gone by, making it a stylish essential for all lovers of literature.
Bribie Beach Umbrella
Scarborough Beach Umbrella
Man Of Eight Bookcase, Brown
Add a touch of old-world fraternity style to your living space with the Man of Eight Bookcase. Made from cherry wood, the piece features five shelves ideal for storing your books and personal treasures. Combining prestigious academia and the sporting traditions of the 19th century, the Man of Eight Bookcase will infuse your home with historical allure.
Campaign Theatre Media Unit, Black
Give any room an edgy feature with the Campaign Theatre Media Unit. Made from rich cherry wood with a distressed black finish, the piece is bound to be an eye catching addition to your home. Versatile on wheels, the theater can be moved from room to room effortlessly to meet all your changing needs. Featuring generous space for your flat screen television, as well as your electronics and DVDs, your entertainment unit is sure to be clutter-free as well as stylish.
Cape Cod Console Table, Black
Spruce up your living room or hallway with a splash of history using the Cape Cod Console Table. Inspired by journeys across the seas, the piece exudes nautical romance. Made from cherry wood, it features a pull-open shelf, two drawers and a lower cupboard, combining spaciousness and functionality with style. From towels, to shoes, to trinkets - the console is the ultimate storage solution.
Bosun's Gig Display Case, Brown
Bring a touch of outdoor inspiration indoors using the Bosun’s Gig Bookcase. Made from stunning cherry wood, it will make a striking statement piece in any setting. With smooth, curvaceous lines and four generously spaced shelves, the Bosun’s Gig combines functionality with antique allure. Whether used as a bookshelf or display unit, the piece from Authentic Models is sure to be an eye-catching addition to your home.
Jervis Deck Chair
Cabin Porthole Mirror Medium
Infuse nautical vibes into your living space with the Authentic Models Cabin Porthole Mirror in Medium. Boasting the classic, round shape of a ships window, the solid-cast-bronze mirror will add marine character to any lounge or bathroom. Enliven any lack lustre wall and create a beach getaway atmosphere in your home.
Flying the Skies Mobile Pastel
Adorn your home in less than 80 days using the Flying the Skies Mobile. Using stainless steel and nylon line, the ornamental piece keeps your miniature hot-air balloons in constant motion. The Flying the Skies Mobile is sure to add a quirky accent into any space.
18th Century Sundial & Compass Replica
Wondering what to buy that newly awarded graduate, or perhaps the accomplished scholar and collector? The artfully created 18th Century Sundial & Compass Replica from Authentic Models is designed to keep its owner faithfully on course, while offering a glimpse into the past. Raise the triangular gnomon upright while pointing the compass needle North to show time. Ensure the local latitude corresponds to the angle of the gnomon, to guarantees an accurate reading.
WWI Wood Propeller Small
A tribute to the traditions of the past, when propellers were changed as often as tires and brought home as keepsakes, the WWI Wood Propeller makes for a historical accent in any home. Featuring smooth lines and rich coloured timber, the piece will be a striking addition to any space.
Mobile Solar System
Not only will you have the whole world in your hands, but the whole solar system too, with the Mobile Solar System. Add a decorative and educational accent to your child's room. Featuring all the planets in the solar system, the ceiling ornamental piece is sure to add a quirky touch to any space.
Compass, Bronze, Small
Add a nautical accent to your home décor with the Compass. The enchanting piece has an antique appearance with a bronze finish. Perfect for seafaring aficionados or antique lovers, place the small, bronze-hued Compass on your desk or mantlepiece to decorate with confidence.
Bronze 3 Minute Sandglass
Keep time the traditional way with the Bronze 3 Minute Sandglass. Originally used to measure a ship’s speed, the sandglass is ideal as a statement piece or for practical use in your home. Made from striking bronze, the 3 Minute Sandglass’s timeless design will seamlessly fit into any modern or traditional setting.
It's A Toss Up Juggling Kit
Entertain your kids as they learn a new skill with the It’s A Toss Up Juggling Kit from Authentic Models. Presented in an endearing circular box are three colourful juggling balls that will keep children and adults alike on their toes for hours on end.
Strongman Sky Hook Balancing Toy
The sky hook balancing toy was a piece of art that came alive when set in motion, bringing joy and wonder to young and old alike. The Authentic Model’s Strongman Sky Hook Balancing Toy, is a faithful and functioning replica of its 18th and 19th century forbearers. Crafted from a sheet of tin, then tenderly hand painted in a layering process over three days, these counter-weighted figures are bound to delight when placed on any shelf or ledge, and set into action.
Plancius Planisphere 1604
Accent any space with a hint of Renaissance culture with the Plancius Planisphere 1604. Printed on waterproof fabric, the map hangs from distressed French-finished wood slats and shows the map by Petrus Plancius of the world as it was known in 1592. A replica of a work by a famous and talented cartographer, the map is not only a striking piece of wall art but also a slice of history.
Boeing 314 'Dixie Clipper'
Add an aviation accent to your living space with the Boeing 314 ‘Dixie Clipper’. Constructed from metal with elaborate detail, the replicated plane will give you the feeling of a forgotten era. The Boeing 314 ‘Dixie Clipper’ is designed with lightweight wings and fuselage frames, transparent portholes and nostalgic PanAm colours, making it a timeless addition to your home.
Keep your books tidy using the Globe Bookends. Matching celestial and terrestrial globes from the 16th century the bookends have French-finish stands. With historic enchantment, the Globe Bookends are sure to organise your home Dewey-decimal space in style.
Hondius 1627, Classic Stand
Add an old-world accent to your home with the Hondius 1627 globe. The map on this particular globe model was made by Henricus Hondius II, a Dutch cartographer. With muted brown hues, the Hondius 1627 globe will complement any décor.
Terrestrial Armillary Sphere
Give any room an element of historical allure with the Terrestrial Armillary Sphere. It features a traditional design with curved lines and a wooden stand, its shape alluding to centuries past. Full of character, the piece is bound to make a statement in any home office or living space. Whether it inspires philosophical discussions or simply adds appeal to a room, the Terrestrial Armillary Sphere is a charming addition for any home.
Madeira Y9, Red
Sail into a world of nautical style with the Madeira Y3 yacht model. Lateen rigged and handcrafted, the creations beauty lies in its detail. The decorative piece is reminiscent of lazy days, Portuguese shorelines and mysterious adventures.
America's Cup Columbia 1901 Replica Yacht, Small
Authentic Models is quickly becoming known as the master of sailing ship model reproductions. Discover their finely tuned skill, while relishing in the history and prestige of this epic sporting affair, with the America’s Cup Columbia 1901 Replica Yacht. Built plank-on-frame, featuring cotton hand-stitched sails and brass hardware, this sophisticatedly rendered reproduction is sure to impress any sailing enthusiasts or model-ship aficionado. Complete with table stand, the America’s Cup Columbia 1901 Replica Yacht is set to dock gracefully on any office desk or mantel in your home.
Helmsman Sky Hook Balancing Toy
The sky hook balancing toy was a piece of art that came alive when set in motion, bringing joy and wonder to young and old alike. The Authentic Model’s Helmsman Sky Hook Balancing Toy, is a faithful and functioning replica of its 18th and 19th century forbearers. Crafted from a sheet of tin, then tenderly hand painted in a layering process over three days, these counter-weighted figures are bound to delight when placed on any shelf or ledge, and set into action.
Anastasia Tower Candleholder
The unique qualities of bisque porcelain are exhibited in the Anastasia Tower Candleholder from Authentic Models. The unglazed, white ceramic is fired under extremely high temperatures to achieve its pure white, slightly rough finish. Treasured by ceramic experts and collectors alike, the Candleholder is just one in a series of bisque-crafted architectural models that transform into whimsical candle stands when lit up from within. Simply place a tealight at the centre of the porcelain base, and savour the enchanting romance of a candle-lit glow.
Lounge Porthole Mirror Large
Add a nautical accent to your living space with the Lounge Porthole Mirror. The ornamental piece has a solid cast bronze frame to showcase the mirror. The decorative mirror will complement any room in the home.
Combining functional and antique inspired design, the Discovery Glass will command attention in your living space. Created to examine maps, coins and other marvels, the Discovery Glass will be a perfect quirky addition to your home.
1739 Paris Scrolls Wall Map
In 1739 Etienne Turgot embarked upon publishing the Plan de Paris – the herculean feat that he had milled over for the past five years. His success resulted in one of the most decorative maps ever crafted. The Authentic Models faithfully rendered replica 1739 Paris Scrolls Wall Map, demonstrates Turgot’s unique imaginative skill to perceive the world at an aerial view – well before the invention of manned flight expedition and photography. Three printed scrolls and their cherry wood frame, make the essential gift for the history connoisseur or map collector, fusing into a stunning piece of wall art, bound to leave any house guest in awe of its intricate mastery.
Venetia 1694 Giclee Scroll, Grey, 134.5 x 2 x 60cm
Enhance the walls in your home will the age-old charm of the Venetia 1694 map. The detailed piece accurately shows each building, lane and canal from a birds-eye view, and will keep you looking again and again. Printed on a fade-resistant, waterproof fabric, and featuring Cherry wood slats for easy hanging, the home accent will enliven walls and create a talking point in any living space.
Hailing from the height of Middle Age design and innovation, the Grand Staircase from Authentic Models makes a decadent statement. Combining the fruits of 17th century French architectural explorations, watch it merge crafty joinery, design and carpentry successfully. With an all wood body, and a technically constructed frame allow it transform any space in your home.
Magnifying Glass, Bronzed
The Magnifying Glass is an ornamental piece that combines form and function, to create a timeless home accessory. Its ground and polished glass magnifies 3x, while its turned wood handle provides supreme comfort and style. The Magnifying Glass is finished with an elegant brass finial and promises to bring everlasting style to your home.
Reinvent your home with a touch of vintage-inspired décor using the Versailles Globe. Accentuated in an aged wood texture and polished bronze and brass, the piece is an impressive feature suitable for any space. Inspired by the grandeur of the globes made by the French, it is authentically constructed and detailed.
New York 1879 Giclee Scroll, Grey, 66 x 4 x 135cm
The New York 1879 scroll from Authentic Models perfectly compliments most walls to make a statement. Made from resistant Waterproof fabrics, find it easy to handle and lightweight. Featuring an expansive outline of Manhattan's transport systems, it's dockyards, and commercial districts, display the picturesque echoes of a powerful city on your walls.
Flight Mobile, 1920
Take your decorating flair to new heights with the Flight Mobile. Using stainless steel and nylon line, the ornamental piece remains in constant motion. The Flight Mobile is sure to add a quirky accent into any space.
Coast Guard Patrol Spotlight Lamp, Silver
Emanating antique appeal, the Coast Guard Patrol Spotlight Lamp is sure to brighten up your living space. Replicated from the 1930’s Navy Spotlight, the lamp is hand-crafted from aluminium and brass, mounted on a rosewood stand. Combining practical lighting with alluring design, the Coast Guard Patrol Spotlight Lamp is a timeless feature to complement any setting.
Dragon Olympic Sail Racer, French Finish
Add a little seaside charm to your abode with the Dragon Olympic Sail Racer, French Finish. Replicated from the 1930’s regatta racer, the ornament will seamlessly slide in with any modern or traditional setting. Uniquely made with cotton sails with a French finish, the Dragon Olympic Sail Racer will be a timeless addition to your home.
Traveller's Candle Holder
Create a romantic candlelit atmosphere in your living space with the Traveller's Candle Holder. The classic illuminating accessory is made from brass and has a simplistic design that will house your candle safely, whether stationary or as you swoosh around your home.
Victorian Trails Compass
Inspired by the world changing tool of the Renaissance period and the device used by the sailors of the 16th century, the Victorian Trails Compass exudes antique appeal. Place it on your desk, bookshelf or hallstand for a unique hint of the past. Bring the feelings of romance and adventure to your home with the Victorian Trails Compass.
Flying Circus Jenny Medium
The sky's the limit for your decorating ambitions with the Flying Circus Jenny. Add post-WWI history to your desk or any area of the home for an antique touch.
Sopwith Camel Medium Plane
Make a statement in your home with the Transparent Sopwith Camel. Impressive with its stately size, the piece makes for a striking feature in any space. A replica of those planes built in the masses during the Great War, it also hints at history. Featuring a lightweight frame and stretched transparent fabric, the Transparent Sopwith Camel with slide into any interior, modern or traditional.
Add a nautical accent to your home décor using the Compass. The enchanting piece has an antique appearance with a bronze finish. Perfect for seafaring aficionados or antique lovers, the small-sized Compass sits perfectly on desk or mantlepieces as a last finishing touch.
Add a nautical accent to your home décor with the up-to-the-minute Lodestone Compass. The enchanting piece is inspired by 18th century compass models. Perfect for seafaring aficionados or antique lovers, the Lodestone Compass comes with a brass lid to protect the delicate glass inside.
Knight Sky Hook Balancing Toy
The sky hook balancing toy was a piece of art that came alive when set in motion, bringing joy and wonder to young and old alike. The Authentic Model’s Knight Sky Hook Balancing Toy, is a faithful and functioning replica of its 18th and 19th century forbearers. Crafted from a sheet of tin, then tenderly hand painted in a layering process over three days, these counter-weighted figures are bound to delight when placed on any shelf or ledge, and set into action.
Mini Pond Yachts, Set 4
There is nothing sweeter than the Mini Pond Yachts in a set of four. Boasting eye-catching hues and intricate construction, the mini creations are a must-have for any home. With whispers of far off lands and long forgotten tales, each piece features a wood hull, cotton sails and sturdy wood stands.
Inspired by the inventions of ancient China and the adventures of the sailors from the 16th century, the Tradewinds Compass brings a historical touch to any contemporary space. The on-trend design is a replica from the Georgian era, and features a sundial and compass with a brass lid to protect the glass face. Embark on a nautical journey and adorn your living or shelf space with the up-to-the-minute piece.

Source URL: http://www.zanui.com.au/toys-games/authentic-models--sunny-life/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 85 ---
Kristen "Kris" Mary Houghton grew up in University City, a suburb of San Diego. Kris was married to lawyer Robert Kardashian (widely known for his trial defense of O.J. Simpson) from 1978 to 1990, with whom she had four children: Kourtney, Kim Khloé and Robert Kardashian Jr. Kris then married Olympic decathlon champion Bruce Jenner in 1991. They have two children, Kendall and Kylie. She is best known for being the executive producer and starring in the reality show Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
Find out about new releases by this author, recommendations, special offers, and more.

Source URL: http://authors.simonandschuster.com.au/Kris-Jenner/82977535/author_appearances
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 86 ---
Principles of Design
Balance in design is similar to balance in physics. A large shape close to the center can be balanced by a small shape close to the edge. A large light toned shape will be balanced by a small dark toned shape (the darker the shape the heavier it appears to be)
Graduation of size and direction produce linear perspective. Graduation of colour from warm to cool and tone from dark to light produce aerial perspective. Graduation can add interest and movement to a shape. A graduation from dark to light will cause the eye to move along a shape.
Repetition with variation is interesting, without variation repetition can become monotonous. If you wish to create interest, any repeating element should include a degree of variation.
Contrast is the juxtaposition of opposing elements eg. Opposite colours on the colour wheel – red/green, blue/ orange etc. Contrast in tone or value – light /dark. Contrast in direction – horizontal/vertical.
The major contrast in a painting should be located at the center of interest. Too much contrast scattered throughout a painting can destroy unity and make a work difficult to look at. Unless a feeling of chaos and confusion are what you are seeking, it is a good idea to carefully consider where to place your areas of maximum contrast.
Harmony in painting is the visually satisfying effect of combining similar, related elements. Eg. Adjacent colurs on the colour wheel, similar shapes etc.
Dominance gives a painting interest, counteracting confusion and monotony. Dominance can be applied to one or more of the elements to give emphasis.
Relating the design elements to the idea being expressed in a painting reinforces the principal of unity. Eg. A painting with an active aggressive subject would work better with a dominant oblique direction, course, rough texture, angular lines etc. whereas a quiet passive subject would benefit from horizontal lines, soft texture and less tonal contrast.
Unity in a painting also refers to the visual linking of various elements of the work.

Source URL: http://blog.teachbook.com.au/index.php/computer-science/graphic-design/principles-design/
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 87 ---
First day in Tokyo was new year's day and the city was completely empty. Stores were closed, even starbucks shut its doors, and I was the only one wandering the streets. Yes, I did get lost. It was cold and even with blue skies I had to draw my coat tight around me. But it was so beautiful.

Source URL: http://capturethecastle1.blogspot.com.au/2013/01/day-one.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 88 ---
We are really sorry, but we couldn't find the page you were looking for.
Was the link incorrect? It could be that a mistake has been made in entering the link, the page is no longer available or that we are in the process of making site updates.
To resolve this problem:
From here you will be able to search and browse the site for the link that you were
If this is a problem that we should fix, please tell us about the problem on the
section of the website (and then visit
the site homepage

Source URL: http://dicksmith.com.au/product/C5935/sony-compact-portable-dock
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 89 ---
Skip to content
24 May 2013
Catastrophe risk modelling firm AIR Worldwide has released its first probabilistic bushfire model for Australia and updated its local tropical cyclone and earthquake models.
The AIR Bushfire Model for Australia captures the effects of bushfires on insured properties on the mainland and in Tasmania.
To determine the occurrence and severity of bushfires, the model considers fire ignition, frequency and location, available vegetation to act as fuel, weather including seasonal conditions and wind characteristics, topography (the ground surface features that can affect winds) and fire suppression efforts.
Jayanta Guin, Senior VP of Research and Modelling at AIR Worldwide, says many populated areas in Australia have conditions that are ideal for feeding fires.
“Australia has suffered significant losses from such events – including the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires, which caused insured losses of more than $1.3 billion,” she said.
The bushfire model, which AIR says has been through an extensive peer review process, filters around 10,000 ignitions that occur in Australia every year down to those that are likely to cause property loss. This is around 12, based on historical averages.
It simulates fires in the locations where they are most likely to occur, models the tendency of fires to occur in clusters and supports a wide range of construction types commonly found in Australia.
AIR Worldwide has also updated all components of its Australian tropical cyclone and earthquake models.
The updated models now account for regional differences in construction practices, as well as building code evolution and enforcement. Both models also feature property and business interruption losses to complex industrial facilities.
“AIR’s current suite of Australia models represents the results of a multi-year research effort aimed at serving the evolving risk management needs of the worldwide and Australian insurance industries,” Dr Guin said.
23 May 2013
We are a young online insurance firm looking to expand our team with an income protection and life insurance specialist.
15 May 2013
Do you have excellent customer service skills, experience in the administration field and have general insurance knowledge? Then we are looking for you!
8 May 2013
Extremely strong aggregating brand I Warm referrals I Manage existing relationships
6 May 2013
Full-time position I Great team environment I Bring your knowledge and skills to a company who values expertise
29 April 2013
An exciting opportunity exists to join Willis at the Sydney practice as an Account Manager, providing risk management and insurance advice to a broad range of insolvency practitioner clients.

Source URL: http://insurancenews.com.au/local/australias-bushfire-risks-modelled
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 90 ---
Ria FitzGerald has worked as an interior stylist in Melbournes inner east for the past twelve years.
Now based on the Bellarine Peninsula, Ria continues to offer in-home styling consultations for both the visual and the practical elements of your home, renovation and colour consulting and event styling.
Rias work can be seen featured regularly in Home Beautiful Magazine.
\"The I want I want I want! blog is a weekday (ish!) update with reviews of the best online homewares shopping, styling tips, peeks into my favorite homes and commentary on design, interiors and art.
Hopefully you will find new products, designs and ideas to inspire you to make your home the most fabulous place it can be!\" Ria x

Source URL: http://iwantiwantiwant.com.au/blog/?attachment_id=4730
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 91 ---
Life : Eleven Lovely Vintage Bikes To Gaze At
At our house, we have lots of bikes. My partner buys and restores lovely vintage bikes. We have pink ones and blue ones and yellow ones, oh my! It’s always super cute to see them come in looking rusty and cobwebby and leave looking sparky with sprightly pedals and fresh baskets.
Today I thought we’d take a look at some lovely vintage and vintage inspired bikes. Maybe you are in the mood to go for a bit of a pedal about your ‘hood? Or maybe this virtual pedal is just what the doctor ordered, because you are busily lying on the couch under a blanket eating chips?
Whichever it is, I think we should look at these lovely bikey pictures and make plans for sunny days on two wheels. Are you into that? Do you want to put a baguette in your basket?
Top image via

Source URL: http://justbaustralia.com.au/be-pretty/life-eleven-lovely-vintage-bikes-to-gaze-at-13535/?pid=1281
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 92 ---
Media & PR - The Art of Spin
We all want our brand to be talked about.
But how can we use PR and media to get the conversation started? How do we 'spin' our story the right way? And what do we do when the story goes pear-shaped?
Our panel will share insights on strategies for spinning the PR wheel the right way - and what to do when the wheels come off.
- Managing conversations offline and online
- Strategies for PR disasters
- Protecting brand reputation
- Case studies
Who would benefit from attending:
- Business owners & directors
- Marketing and communication professionals
- Rodica Titeica, Director, Red PR @redpr @Rodica_RedPR
- Ben Wicks, Director, KDPR @kdprknows @wicksben
- Tom Evans, Digital & Communications Strategy Director, Decoder @decoderideas
- Each attendee receives a 2-4-1 ticket (valid at all participating cinemas) to Get the Gringo starring Mel Gibson (opens in cinemas on 31 May)
- 1 x Complimentary booth booking with a bottle of French Sparkling, courtesy of Cloudland
- 1 x $100 Dining Voucher to Cloudland, courtesy of DPMA
- One night’s accommodation in a Superior Suite and Continental breakfast for 2 in Armstrongs at the Inchcolm, a bottle of bubbly & chocolates on arrival & a midday checkout, courtesy of The Inchcolm Hotel
- 1 x 32GB USB flashdrive, courtesy of Fairchild Multimedia
- 1 x Double pass to Interactive Minds
- All attendees receive an exclusive discount to the 20th June event 'Unleashing the Creative Customer'
We want YOU to tweet about the event!
Rodica TiteicaDirector, Red PR
A Director at the Red PR Group, Rodica is a dynamic and reputable communications specialist with over 13 years experience, having worked extensively in senior roles across a diverse range of industries and clients.
Throughout her career, Rodica has been responsible for communications strategies for numerous high profile brands in Australia and internationally. She has also been instrumental in developing strategic and tactical consumer campaigns, forging lasting relationships with national media, sponsors and various industry groups. Rodica has intimate knowledge of the lifestyle and consumer sector, having worked closely with brands including Tourism Queensland, Lorna Jane, Flight Centre, BMW Australia, Revlon Australia, Gucci and LVMH Group.
With a background equipping her with a solid understanding of communication tools and techniques, Rodica has established herself as a talented and savvy media professional, not to mention an entertaining public speaker.
Ben WicksDirector, KDPR
Ben Wicks is a Director at KDPR, a Brisbane-based public relations and full-service agency possessing expertise across media relations and publicity, reputation management, branding, graphic design and digital strategies.
With a passion for issues management and communication management, Ben has been an integral member of the KDPR team since 2006, managing difficult issues such as the Swine Flu at Portside Wharf and leading Cutting Edge’s merger campaign, directly reporting to CEOs.
Ben works across a number of industries and differing company sizes from international hotels through to restaurants and state-wide affordable housing projects providing sought after communications advice.
Tom EvansDigital & Communications Strategy Director, Decoder
Tom is a relatively new addition to Brisbane, and the Digital & Communications Strategy Director at Decoder. Prior to moving to Brisbane, Tom was the Managing Director of a fully integrated marketing agency group in Soho, London, where he worked on communications campaigns with a number of leading global brands.
Using his integrated planning experience, Tom helps clients to understand how, where and why customers are using digital media and then leverage this insight to create measurable strategies that are integrated into the wider marketing communications mix.
Tom is focused on helping clients to remain relevant amidst the seismic shift in the communications landscape. He believes that products must use new digital opportunities to have marketing built into them. The role for agencies of the future is to help clients bridge the gap between creating products, telling great stories about these products, and then using technology to make this more engaging.
Facilitator: Cat MatsonSpeaker, MC & Marketer
Cat has a high profile in the Brisbane business and marketing scene. A savvy Marketing Strategist, Speaker and Facilitator, Cat brings over 15 years of small business experience and more importantly, empathy, with the needs of business owners and their teams. As MC and conference facilitator Cat synthesises the concepts presented by other speakers whilst still leaving ‘space’ for attendees to draw their own insights. She loves the juicy conversations that happen amongst a panel of experts and practitioners and the ‘light-bulb’ moments that occur when people learn through hearing others’ stories. As a key-note session speaker, Cat delivers contextually relevant, practical insights with sufficient flexibility for participants to ‘choose-their-own-adventure’ through open questions and facilitated discussions.
Commentsblog comments powered by Disqus
Audio Visual Partner
Video Marketing Partner
Print & Promotional Marketing Partner
Digital Agency Partner
Digital Marketing Partner

Source URL: http://networxevents.com.au/brisbane/events-tickets-networking/view/104
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 93 ---
Rescuers at mine Chile's other heroes
The world may have been waiting to catch a glimpse of Luis Urzua, the last miner to emerge from a collapsed Chilean mine to a hero's welcome, but to the trapped men, a real hero was Manuel Gonzalez, the first brave rescuer to venture down into the hell hole.
Gonzalez, a rescue expert with state copper company Codelco, served as guinea pig, riding the special Phoenix II capsule down to the shelter where he was promptly mobbed by the miners, elated over their first outside human contact in 10 weeks.
His arrival signalled to the men that their nightmare was ending.
"That's when they realised that they were all going to get out," he said afterward.
From afar, the work of emergency crews can look robotic, a sidebar to the main drama. But Chile's flawless recovery of the miners has put rescue teams in a bright glow, especially after otherworldly video images of Gonzalez descending into the shelter to greet the miners were beamed around the world.
"I felt their warmth and affection, which was wonderful," Gonzalez said. Those first few moments, we'll remember for the rest of our lives."
Five other highly-trained rescuers, several of them Navy experts, also headed down the narrow shaft to assess the miners' health, relay vital technical information to the team on the surface, and calmly guide the miners to safety from 622 metres underground.
They were backed up by a rescue team hundreds of people strong, and an operation that President Sebastian Pinera said had cost up to $US20 million ($A20.23 million).
When shift foreman Urzua late on Wednesday rode the capsule to freedom, fame and the world's cheers for the salvation of all 33 miners, he thanked many of the rescuers at the top of the escape hole.
But six from the team remained far below.
They quickly unfurled a banner which brought celebrations to a frenzy: "Mision cumplida CHILE," it read. Mission accomplished.
One by one they then rode up to the surface, leaving Gonzalez alone for about45 minutes to contemplate the rock shelter that easily could have been the miners' tomb.
"I've been here only a week and already I miss my wife and my children," he told officials by phone from the depths of the mine, referring to the days of preparation he had undergone at the mine in the remote Atacama desert.
"Imagine the 70 days for them, it's terrible!"
Gonzalez finally climbed into the capsule to follow his fellow rescuers to the surface, and as he reached the top, the emotional team launched into a chant: "Manuel Gonzalez Pavez, hero of the 33!"
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera, who had stayed at the mine throughout the 22-hour operation to welcome each miner back from purgatory, was also on hand early Thursday to greet the final rescuer.
"The job is done," Gonzalez told him.
The attention has clearly focused on the miners themselves, who were said to be anticipating lucrative book and movie deals.
But Gonzalez too was becoming a hero in his own right.
"The courage of those miners is unbelievable. But one guy, Manuel Gonzalez, is the bravest of all," observer Paddy Murray posted on Facebook, one of thousands of such messages posted in cyberspace.
"I'd love to say I had that courage, but not in a million years," he said.

Source URL: http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/rescuers-at-mine-chiles-other-heroes-20101015-16m5z.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 94 ---
Sorry, you must have Flash installed to view this gallery.
Experience the thrill of fossicking for gold, silver and precious gem stones with the authentic new Paradise Country Gold Fossicking, now open.
For a small fee you can purchase a bag of treasures contained in special panning dust, and search for gold using traditional techniques. Plus every participant will take home a souvenir precious gem stone, gold, silver or fossil. It is the perfect way to learn about a fascinating part of Australian history while having fun. Don’t miss this unique experience, only at Paradise Country.

Source URL: http://paradisecountry.com.au/attractions/gold-and-gem-fever.aspx
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 95 ---
Peter McKay indentifies the most underrated cars on the market.
Citroen DS4 and C4
The Citroen Lacoste concept car will be unveiled at the 2010 Paris motor show.
Citroen has released the DS3 hatchback, the first of its range of premium small cars.
Citroen has released the DS4 a rival to the BMW 1-series and the Audi A3.
Top 10 rally jumps
Winston Churchill would have been impressed by Citroen’s military inspired “gentleman’s accessory” on wheels, but women need not apply.
Mini-Bugatti looks and pink paint for feminine coupe.
Citroen reveals road-going version of Sebastian Loeb's 2011 WRC contender.
Citroen concept car
The new Citroen C-Zero.

Source URL: http://smh.drive.com.au/type/photogallery/carmake/Citroen
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 96 ---
|Welcome to Our Professional Wholesale Website "Eozy" to get more Discount ! Order More,Save More ! Our Website Supply: Jewelry Beads wholesale, Fashion items, Jewelry Findings, 925 Sterling Silver Earring\Beads\Pendant\Bracelet ,Tattoo Series.Health & Beauty,Home & Garden, and so on.|
|Shipping policy: (Faster Shipping,Free Upgrate to Express Shipping)|
1.If one deal’s total amount Above USD $100, the parcel will be posted through international express (eg. DHL/EMS) without Extra change.your parcel can be delivered in 3-7 days safely.
But not for all countries, it depends on their actual situation of transport. We always choose the safer and faster shipping for you.
2.To USA, package within 1kg will post by e-packet Express, need 7-12 working days to arrive.
3.To other European country post by China post airmail and Hong Kong airmail.can be delivered in 15-25 business days
We offer Combine shipping discount: From second items you ordered (not including free shipping items):
2 to 10 tiems: 10% discounted off. 10-20 items: 15% discounted off. More than 20 items: 20% discounted off
Our Address: Floor 4,PiaoNa Business Platform,No.18 ,Chunhui Road,BeiYuan Industrial Park,YIWU CITY,JINHUA ZHEJIANG ,CHINA postal code: 322000
Our Phone Number: (86) 0579-85423379 Our working time: GMT 0:00AM-10:00AM Pacific time 4:00PM-2:00AM Beijing time 8:00AM-6:00PM

Source URL: http://stores.ebay.com.au/colorfulworld888-store/Loose-Rhinestone-beads-/_i.html?_fsub=596218017
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 97 ---
Thursday, May 10, 2012
He Promised Her Everything. But Never Had To Deliver.
Man, I was so tired today. Not overtraining tired again - don't worry about that. Just lack of sleep tired. And with the tired comes the grumpy. Oh man, I was so grumpy earlier. I lay on the couch at work - where generations of 14 year old boys have farted silently - and just moped about the totally depressing blog post I was going to write. You may note that I stuck with the title, but that's possibly because as well as being a massive bummer, it's from one of the best songs ever written, Billiard Player Song.
So, things were bad. My boss has been absent from work a little bit lately, which means that I'm pretty much in charge, and the buck stopping with me wasn't ever one of my career objectives. It's hard work. And then I was supposed to go out riding with Teagan, but she's in the midst of thesis hell at the moment, so she cancelled on me. I had an hour and a half to do - the longest ride I've done since January - and was a bit worried about how I'd handle it.
So I was totally sulky and listening to Shellac and just getting in a worse and worse mood. Like Gerro says, however, when you're not feeling motivated to train, all you need to do is put on your shoes. Once they're on, everything else follows.
I didn't stop at my shoes, of course. I kitted up. Again, for the first time since January. I filled my pockets with pump and food and phone and wallet and keys, applied chamois creme, strapped on the heart rate monitor. By the time I clipped in things were looking up.
I rolled up High St and on to Cheddar Road. I'd been worried about my cadence dropping, but found myself spinning at 100rpm without too much trouble. The sun was out and the traffic was benign. I turned off into the Western Ring Road bike path and took a photo. Things were pretty good.
Eventually I headed back into town along Sydney road. Traffic there wasn't great, and to avoid being harassed for going too slowly I dropped the hammer a little. It felt pretty damn good. A light in front of me turned orange and I sprinted for it. That felt pretty damn good too.
So by the time I got home, my bad mood was gone.

Source URL: http://thenewtimer.blogspot.com.au/2012/05/he-promised-her-everything-but-never.html
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 98 ---
|Download the iPhone App.||Download the Android App.|
Download the all-new 4BC radio application to listen to Brisbane's favourite talkback station - LIVE on your iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad and now on your Android phone or tablet.
- Use the application as an alarm clock and wake up to your favourite station (requires application to be active when phone is set to 'sleep' mode)
- Listen to the latest hourly news bulletins
- Contact your favourite Presenter via phone, email, Twitter or Facebook
- Read or listen to latest news articles
- Get weather updates for your chosen city
- Interact with presenters via the application
Still not working?
Send us an email an we will do our best to help.

Source URL: http://www.4bc.com.au/radioapps
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 99 ---
Become a Franchisee
Why Franchise With Abel?
- An established brand and business model
- Well established high profile sites ideally suited to car, truck and ute rental activities.
- Ongoing training & development is provided to all franchisees.
- An experienced management team that has significant experience in operating a rental car operation and franchising.
- A full suite of operational and procedural manuals that outline operating standards, policies and procedures governing all important aspects of the business.
Abel Rent a Car provides a hassle free car, ute, van and truck rental service. We operate very much in the "value" market sector. With locations throughout South-East Queensland Stretching from Hendra all the way down to Tweed Heads servicing Coolangatta Airport, our aim is to be a leader in our field.
We are now proud to offer Franchising opportunities across Australia.
Franchisees are key elements of our team. While each Franchisee retains an independent business, we all benefit together as a single, strong organisation with group buying power, rather than a series of small, unrelated businesses. We’d like to encourage you to share in our success.
We’re interested in helping others to operate exactly as we do by sharing the load – and the earnings. That’s why we are looking for responsible, business savvy and motivated franchisees to join our team.
Applications to become a Abel Rent A Car Franchisee are welcome from people with experience in motor vehicle rentals, or people with management, sales, marketing and business experience who have a desire to build their own successful business.
Abel is committed to becoming the leaders in the rental car business and is committed to investing in its people, partners, alliances, processes and market development.
This is an opportunity to join a growing and dynamic network. Some financial assistance may be available, conditions will apply.
For further information please contact our Franchise Consultant at email@example.com

Source URL: http://www.abel.com.au/t/Franchise-Opportunity
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 100 ---
- Wednesday, 28 September 2011 16:12
Article Read: 1918
Perth's acute shortage of hotel rooms could get some relief after the Perth City Council approved plans for a $14.3 million 216-bed hotel just a few minutes' walk from the CBD.
Architect Frank Ghalili, spokesman for the Australian-based Asian developers said a final decision on the project would be made within months, along with a decision on whether it would be a luxury four-star or a five-star hotel. If it proceeds, the development will be the first major city hotel built in the boom state in more than five years.
Perth mayor Lisa Scaffidi said there was a great need for more beds and the proposed 10-storey hotel was good news.
The land is owned by 789 Wellington St P/L, whose directors are Vietnamese-born Do Phung Tran and Cambodian-born Khuu Thi Pham.
The 10-level West Perth hotel, on the corner of George St, will include six commercial tenancies, a gym, sauna and swimming pool.
The development was welcomed by tourism minister Kim Hames who said it helped to ease the hotel-style accommodation pressures in Perth. Mr Hames said the city needed about 300 new rooms each year for the next decade to keep up with demand.

Source URL: http://www.accomnews.com.au/developments/997-top-range-hotel-approved-relief-for-perths-shortage
--------------------------------------------------

--- Document 101 ---
Arnie calls for 'sexy' environmentalism
- From: AAP
- February 01, 2013
ARNOLD Schwarzenegger has called for an end to "doom and gloom" environmentalism as he hosted the first conference of his new green movement fostering action by local governments and individuals.
"If we want to inspire the world, it is time for us to forget about the old way of talking about climate change, where we crush people, where we overwhelm people with data," the former California governor, bodybuilder and film star said.
"There is a new way, a more sexy, a more hip way. Instead of using doom and gloom and telling people what they can't do, we should make them part of our movement and tell them what they can do," he said.
"I mean I still drive my Hummers but now they are all on hydrogen and biofuel ... We need to send a message that we can live the same life, just with cleaner technology."
Following his success implementing environmental legislation in California ahead of federal US action, Schwarzenegger's created the R20 Regions of Climate Action movement.
It is aimed at getting other regions, states and cities to follow the Golden State's example in the absence of effective national and international agreements on reducing carbon emissions widely blamed for the Earth's climate becoming more volatile in recent decades.
"The old way was to wait for the capitals, or an international agreement to create a sustainable energy future, is over," Schwarzenegger, 65, told the conference of about 800 people in his native Austria.
"We believe in a new way, in moving forward at a subnational level. We can't be paralysed, waiting for an international agreement or federal action or anything else," Schwarzenegger said.
"I believe we should move forward at a subnational level, in the states, in the provinces, in the cities, in the private sector, in the academic sector and in the non-profits. These should be defined by our momentum, not our hesitation."
Attendees in Vienna included European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso, but absent were green pressure groups such as Greenpeace or WWF, who complained last week that the event risked being "elitist" and "Greenwashing".
THE soldier slain in London has been named as officials say both suspects had featured in previous investigations by security services.
HOLDEN says it still plans to build cars until at least 2022 but warns "swift action" is needed to ensure the Australian auto industry remains viable. Ford closure - impact on SA
BUDGET airline Jetstar is launching a daily service between Adelaide and Darwin, adding an extra 1080 seats a week between the cities.
ADELAIDE restaurants with footpath dining are using powers they do not have to stop the non-paying public from sitting down.

Source URL: http://www.adelaidenow.com.au/news/breaking-news/arnie-calls-for-sexy-environmentalism/story-e6frea7u-1226566356263
--------------------------------------------------

